No , no , thank you .
WHISTLE BLOWS Clear the pool , please .
Everyone out !
BRITTAS : Unsupervised swimming is against council regulations .
Oh , but Mr Brittas , I 'm here .
Due to an oversight it would appear that no one is on duty .
What are you talking about ?
The Land had long-term financial relations with the bank and was its main owner .
There were only a small number of shareholders ( all of them public ) , which means in practice less need for transparency and openness compared with a company that has a large number of ( outside ) shareholders or is listed on the stock exchange .
These special circumstances made it possible to decide on the transfer while leaving the decision on the final remuneration open until it was established that Wfa 's capital could actually be used for commercial banking purposes .
However , equity is necessary not only for supervisory reasons .
The amount of equity shown in the balance sheet is also an indication for the bank 's lenders of its soundness and thus influences the conditions under which the bank is able to raise outside funds .
Contrary to the arguments of Germany and WestLB , creditors and rating agencies look not only at accepted own funds but also at the overall economic and financial situation of the bank .
Accepted own funds form only part of such an analysis of the bank 's credit standing .
The amount of DEM 5900 million ( EUR 3020 million ) has been established by the Land and WestLB as a probable value which could be achieved in the event of Wfa being sold to a third party .
If this assessment had not been reasonable , WestLB 's auditors would not have allowed it to stand in the balance sheet .
The amount of DEM 4000 million ( EUR 2050 million ) accepted by BAKred reflects the supervisory body 's very cautious approach to its valuation .
It should be borne in mind that the valuation made for BAKred also gives a spread of between DEM 4000 million ( EUR 2050 million ) and DEM 5400 million ( EUR 2760 million ) .
Therefore , the total amount of DEM 5900 million ( EUR 3020 million ) would be viewed by a potential creditor as security for his monies and would increase the credit standing of WestLB .
This positive effect of the transfer on the bank 's creditworthiness was also stated in the valuation of Wfa made for WestLB in 1992 .
Since the amount of DEM 3400 million ( EUR 1740 million ) cannot be used to expand business but improves the bank 's appearance in the eyes of creditors , its economic function may be compared in that respect to at least that of a guarantee , even if shown as equity in the balance sheet .
Since , therefore , the amount of DEM 3400 million ( EUR 1740 million ) is also of economic use to WestLB , a market-economy investor would have asked for a remuneration to be paid on it .
Zarniwoop still quivered , but was silent .
" I only decide about my Universe , " continued the man quietly .
" My Universe is my eyes and my ears .
Anything else is hearsay . "
" But don 't you believe in anything ? "
The man shrugged and picked up his cat .
Global Peace Festival
We were alive .
The gas had not killed us-it had obviously been designed only to knock us out .
Potent stuff .
I looked at my shadow , not wanting to risk a glance at the sun yet , and saw how foreshortened it was .
Close to noon .
We had been asleep for hours .
Then why weren 't we dead ?
Why hadn 't the Capo Dinobli 's men pounced onus and slit our throats ?
Or at least taken our weapons ?
I nodded stiffly , hoping the abruptness of my motion would be interpreted as annoyance rather than fear .
“ Fine , ” the officer smirked .
“ Then as the first representative of the Empire to contact a representative of Possiltum , I have the pleasure of formally declaring war on your kingdom . ”
“ What is your name ? ” Aahz asked casually .
“ Claude , ” the officer responded .
“ Why do you ask ? ”
“ The historians like details , ” Aahz shrugged .
“ Well , Claude , as the first representative of Possiltum to meet with a representative of your Empire in times of war , it is our pleasure to demand your unconditional surrender . ”
“ Surrender ? ” he chortled .
“ To a cripple and a child ?
You must be mad .
Even if I had the authority to do such a thing , I wouldn ’ t . ”
“ That ’ s right . ” Aahz shook his head in mock self admonishment .
“ We should have realized .
Someone in charge of a supply company wouldn ’ t swing much weight in an army like this , would he ? ”
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 1746 / 2005
of 24 October 2005
amending Regulation ( EEC ) No 2342 / 92 as regards the pedigree certificates to be presented for granting export refunds on female pure-bred breeding animals of the bovine species
THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community ,
Having regard to Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1254 / 1999 of 17 May 1999 on the common organisation of the market in beef and veal , and in particular Articles 31 ( 4 ) and 33 ( 12 ) thereof ,
Article 3 of Commission Regulation ( EEC ) No 2342 / 92 of 7 August 1992 on imports of pure-bred breeding animals of the bovine species from third countries and the granting of export refunds thereon and repealing Regulation ( EEC ) No 1544 / 79 lays down the criteria for granting export refunds on female pure-bred breeding animals of the bovine species .
Those criteria include the presentation of a pedigree certificate at the time when the customs export formalities are completed .
Certain requirements regarding the particulars to be contained in pedigree certificates are set out in Article 3 ( a ) of Regulation ( EEC ) No 2342 / 92 .
Those requirements derive directly from Commission Decision 86 / 404 / EEC , which was repealed and replaced by Commission Decision 2005 / 379 / EC of 17 May 2005 on pedigree certificates and particulars for pure-bred breeding animals of the bovine species , their semen , ova and embryos .
Some of the requirements regarding the content of pedigree certificates were clarified in Decision 2005 / 379 / EC .
The provisions on the particulars to be contained in pedigree certificates for the purpose of granting export refunds on female pure-bred breeding animals should , therefore , be brought into line with that Decision .
Regulation ( EEC ) No 2342 / 92 should therefore be amended accordingly .
The measures provided for in this Regulation are in accordance with the opinion of the Management Committee for Beef and Veal ,
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION :
Důležité je , že členské vlády zemí OECD , jejímž orgánem IEA je , teď nemohou její varování ignorovat ani se vymlouvat na nedostatek podkladů pro jednání v žádoucím směru .
Některým vládám to už došlo .
Zmínka v rozhovoru o nežádoucích investicích do výstavby letišť , které teď jsou hitem magistrátů českých statutárních měst , je dostatečně výmluvná .
I když to tedy není řečeno explicitně , z rozhovoru lze snadno vyčíst stanovisko IEA , že hrozby silou ze strany jakékoli vlády , ať už faktické nebo rétorické , vůči těmto zemím nejsou na místě .
Snad tento příspěvek tedy poslouží k probuzení aspoň některých zodpovědných činitelů exekutivy a samospráv na centrální i místní úrovni .
Obsah vydání
IEA vyhlašuje poplach :
11 .
SPECIAL STORAGE CONDITIONS Store and transport refrigerated ( 2ºC - 8ºC ) .
13 .
THE WORDS FOR ANIMAL TREATMENT ONLY AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTIONS REGARDING SUPPLY AND USE , IF APPLICABLE For animal treatment only 14 .
ANNEX I
Import duties on the products referred to in Article 136 ( 1 ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 1234 / 2007 applicable from 12 October 2010
Website : http : / / www.dti.gov.uk / strd
Ms Adinda Batsleer
Tel . : ( 32 ) 2 286 18 71
Fax : ( 32 ) 2 286 18 00
E-mail : aba eftasurv.int
E-mail : DRAFTTECHREGESA eftasurv.int
Website : http : / / www.eftasurv.int
EFTA
Rue de Trêves 74
Ms Kathleen Byrne
Tel . : ( 32-2 ) 286 17 34
Fax : ( 32-2 ) 286 17 42
E-mail : DRAFTTECHREGEFTA efta.int
Website : http : / / www.efta.int
TURKEY
( a ) are established and distributed with an explicit statement that they are non-binding and that their use is not in any way recommended ;
( b ) expressly mention that participating undertakings are free to offer different policy conditions to their customers ; and ( c ) are accessible to any interested person and provided simply upon request .
2 .
( b ) indicate the amount of the cover or the part which the policyholder must pay himself ( the " excess " ) ;
( c ) impose comprehensive cover including risks to which a significant number of policyholders are not simultaneously exposed ;
( d ) allow the insurer to maintain the policy in the event that he cancels part of the cover , increases the premium without the risk or the scope of the cover being changed ( without prejudice to indexation clauses ) , or otherwise alters the policy conditions without the express consent of the policyholder ;
( e ) allow the insurer to modify the term of the policy without the express consent of the policyholder ;
( f ) impose on the policyholder in the non-life assurance sector a contract period of more than three years ;
( g ) impose a renewal period of more than one year where the policy is automatically renewed unless notice is given upon the expiry of a given period ;
( h ) require the policyholder to agree to the reinstatement of a policy which has been suspended on account of the disappearance of the insured risk , if he is once again exposed to a risk of the same nature ;
( i ) require the policyholder to obtain cover from the same insurer for different risks ;
( j ) require the policyholder , in the event of disposal of the object of insurance , to make the acquirer take over the insurance policy ;
Something was wrong .
Laurie sponged off her sweaty face and pushed back her hair from her forehead .
Breech birth .
Who had said that ?
Breech birth .
George 's voice : You 'd better call Dick .
Tell him we may have to . . .
Doctor , she 's losing a lot of blood now . . .
Stu lit a cigarette .
It was terribly stale , but after that particular dream , anything was a comfort .
It 's an anxiety dream , that 's all .
You got this typical macho idea that things won 't come right if you 're not there .
Not all dreams come true .
Better Than Life
Gross public debt at the end of 2009 stood at 115,1 % of GDP .
This is among the highest debt ratios in the EU , and is considerably higher than the 60 % -of-GDP reference value of the Treaty .
Moreover , the figure risks being further revised upwards ( by 5 to 7 percentage points ) as a result of the ongoing statistical investigations .
Achieving the deficit reduction path that is considered necessary and feasible in the light of the circumstances would imply that the increase in debt would be reversed from 2014 .
In addition to persistently high government deficits , the contribution of below-the-line operations to the increase in debt has been large .
This has contributed to undermining market confidence in the ability of the Greek Government to service the debt going forward .
There is an extremely urgent need for Greece to take decisive action , on an unprecedented scale , on its deficit and on other factors contributing to the increase in debt , in order to reverse the increase in the debt-to-GDP ratio and allow it to return as soon as possible to market financing .
The very severe deterioration of the financial situation of the Greek Government has led euro area Member States to decide to provide stability support to Greece , with a view to safeguarding the financial stability of the euro area as a whole , in conjunction with multilateral assistance provided by the International Monetary Fund .
Support provided by the euro area Member States will take the form of a pooling of bilateral loans , coordinated by the Commission .
The lenders have decided that their support shall be conditional on Greece respecting this Decision .
In particular , Greece is expected to carry out the measures specified in this Decision in accordance with the calendar set out herein ,
HAS ADOPTED THIS DECISION :
Article 1
Greece shall put an end to the present excessive deficit situation as rapidly as possible and , at the latest , by the deadline of 2014 .
The adjustment path towards the correction of the excessive deficit shall aim to achieve a general government deficit not exceeding EUR 18508 million ( 8,0 % of GDP ) in 2010 , EUR 17065 million ( 7,6 % of GDP ) in 2011 , EUR 14916 million ( 6,5 % of GDP ) in 2012 , EUR 11399 million ( 4,9 % of GDP ) in 2013 and EUR 6385 million ( 2,6 % of GDP ) in 2014 .
Judges belong to the Law Society which forms part of the International Law Association .
Legal assistant A legal assistant is a court employee with the status of a public official .
His duties are set out in the Courts Act and judicial regulations and , more particularly , in the rules of procedure for individual legal sectors .
The main task of a legal assistant ( a lawyer with a university degree who has passed the State examination in law ) is to assist a judge .
Legal assistants thus prepare trials , interrogate the parties , receive applications for the minutes and draft decisions on execution , land registry , non-litigious and suspended proceedings .
Legal assistants receive a salary determined by law and are appointed to the appropriate official position defined in the Civil Servants Act .
State Prosecutor Under Article 135 of the Constitution , State Prosecutors file and present criminal charges and have other powers provided by law .
The organisation and powers of state prosecutor offices are laid down in the State Prosecutor Act .
As regards the rights arising from his position as a public official in Slovenia , the State Prosecutor is of equal status to a judge except where otherwise laid down in the State Prosecutor Act .
The State Prosecutor 's salary is linked to the salary of Members of the National Assembly .
The State Prosecutor is an official who performs his duties at the State Prosecutor 's Office .
The State Prosecutor is appointed by the Slovenian Government acting on a proposal by the Ministry of Justice .
The Minister proposes the candidate after obtaining the opinion of the State Prosecutor 's Council .
The conditions candidates must fulfil when applying for the post of State Prosecutor are linked with the conditions for appointments to a judicial office .
The State Prosecutor 's specialisation depends on the internal organisation of the individual State Prosecutor 's Office .
Everybody 's got ' em , Paulie .
The hell with everybody .
Maybe it 's the hell with you .
I don 't wanna listen to this crap .
You talk like everyone owes you a living .
Nobody owes nobody nothin ' . You owe yourself .
Friends do because they wanna do .
Shut your freakin ' mouth .
You keep me down .
You 're like a crazy brother to me .
You really are .
You ain 't down .
And you ain 't a loser .
You 're just a jealous , lazy bum .
OK .
Labská Vyhlídka | HotelBank - Online Hotel Reservation System
of civilizations and art and culture
for thousands of years .
Now I am here to tell you
that the future
that we were dreaming for
has eventually arrived .
A new generation ,
well-educated ,
connected ,
inspired by universal values
and a global understanding ,
has created a new reality for us .
We have found a new way
to express our feelings
and to express our dreams .
“ Sawur , to rebuild a man requires extreme medical techniques .
If he can build me young , I believe he can build me docile .
Chmeee and I both made poor slaves .
The Hindmost can make me a better servant .
A perfect servant .
Until the right before last , I had an excuse for keeping myself out of his machines .
Now I don ’ t . ”
Sawur asked , “ Have his machines had you before ? ”
That was a good question .
“ He had me in frozen sleep for two years .
He may have done some medical work on me .
He could have done anything he wanted . ”
“ But he didn ’ t . ”
“ I don ’ t think he did .
I don ’ t feel any different . ”
It must be somewhat overwhelming .
I 'm a little shaky .
That 's only natural .
So how did you feel about the Captain , about your father ?
He 's OK .
A little stiff .
But where are you from ?
I was born on Betazed .
Do all the women there have eyes like yours ?
Jason , I came here to talk to you because I 'm the Ship 's Counsellor .
If you don 't want to talk to me in that way , then I should go .
Fine .
You can make an appointment to come to my office .
Maybe I 'll do just that .
Picard ! Can you hear me ?
All in acceptable quantities .
However , I wouldn 't recommend this place as a summer resort .
Your opinion will be duly noted .
You 're recording this , Yeoman ?
Of course , Mr. Spock .
Mr. Scott , if you 'll make a survey of damage .
Logical .
I think we should move outside , make room for Mr. Scott to do his work .
Mr. Latimer , Mr. Gaetano , you 'll arm yourselves .
Scout out the area , keeping in visual contact with the ship .
Aye , aye , sir .
What do you think our chances are of contacting the Enterprise ?
Under present conditions , extremely poor .
But they 'll be looking for us .
If the ionization effect is as widespread as I believe , they 'll be searching without instrumentation , by visual contact only .
Even if Vastagliano and his bodyguard were overwhelmed by scores of these . . . these things , they 'd still have killed a couple-wouldn 't they ?
But we haven 't found a single dead rat or a single dead anything else-except , of course , dead people . "
" And no droppings , " Goldbloom said .
" No what ? "
" Droppings .
" If you find animal hairs- "
" We 'll definitely be looking for them , " Goldbloom said .
" We 'll vacuum the floor around each body , of course , and analyze the sweepings .
If we could find a few hairs , that would clear up a lot of the mystery . "
The assistant medical examiner wiped one hand across his face , as if he could pull off and cast away his tension , his disgust .
" There 's something else that disturbs me , too .
Rats would 've eaten the tender parts : eyes , nose , earlobes , testicles ....
They 'd have torn open the body cavities in order to get to the soft organs .
So would any other predator or scavenger .
But there was nothing like that in this case .
Total subsidy of October 2001 rescue package
The subsidy amount thus calculated for the debt-to-equity swap , the debt roll-over and the new loan was considered to confer a large non-recurring benefit and was spread across a five-year period corresponding to the normal depreciation period of assets in the DRAMs industry .
The resulting amount was then allocated on Hynix ’ s turnover during the IP and interest based on the average commercial rate applicable in Korea during the IP was added .
The revised amount expressed ad valorem is 22,9 % .
Total subsidy amount
In summary , the calculation of the total amount of the subsidy has thus been revised on the basis of the Panel 's recommendations and is now as follows :
Injury
Introduction
This part sets out the reassessed findings based on the recommendation of the Panel report concerning the evaluation of the factor wages as a relevant factor affecting the state of the Community industry within the meaning of Article 8 ( 5 ) of the basic Regulation ( which generally corresponds to Article 15.4 of the SCM Agreement ) .
All other findings concerning injury remain as established in the original investigation and set out in the provisional Regulation and the definitive Regulation .
Wages
In the original investigation the EC had considered and evaluated the wages factor , but found wages to be irrelevant to its injury determination .
However , the Panel found that :
without a written record of the analytical process undertaken by the investigating authority to evaluate wages , we cannot examine whether an adequate and reasoned explanation has been provided of how the facts support the injury determination made by the EC and , consequently , whether that determination was consistent with Article 15.4 .
Without that written record , we would be forced to embark on post hoc speculation about the thought process by which the investigating authority arrived at its ultimate conclusions .
Being a princess came with certain requirements , and Princess Margot Effer 'wyck would soon enough pay her dues in a political marriage to ( The Hon. )
Rogan LaKarn , Baron of the Torond .
Their wedding date-mandated by no less a personage then Emperor Greyffin IV himself-was to be set shortly .
And while Brim knew he could probably tolerate the marriage itself , he had long ago given up trying to make himself accept the fact that LaKarn would also share Margot 's bed-even though he knew full well that no real love existed there .
In the privacy of her suite at the Embassy , she had concluded the message so erotically she left him sweating and short of breath .
Add a new routing protocol
Show TCP / IP Information ...
Show IP , UDP , TCP and ICMP statistics
Properties Configure IP
Show Address Translations ...
Show Address Translations
Show TCP Connections ...
Show TCP Connections
Show UDP Listener Ports ...
Show UDP Listner Ports
Configure IP Parameters Configure IP Parameters
Update Routes Update Routes
New Static Route ...
Create New Static Route
Show IP Routing Table ...
A head appeared on the screen .
The face was small and squeezed together , as if shoved aside by the hugely bulging braincase .
The skull was hairless and traversed by purple veins and seemed almost to pulse with the overcapacity of gray matter it enclosed .
This , surely , was a Genius – the end product of human evolution , virtually all mind and no body .
" Yes ? " the head whispered .
It seemed the vocal cords , too , had been largely displaced by brainstuff .
" Bat Dursten here , sir , " the spaceman drawled .
" My new co-pilot just moseyed in – but he says he don 't know nothing about ships or blasters or Bems , and he shore don 't look like much .
I need a replacement pronto – maybe a nice li 'l Femme . "
" There is no error , Dursten , " the Genius whispered sibilantly .
" Norton is to be your companion for this mission .
He is competent . "
" But he 's a greenhorn ! " the spaceman protested .
, " Never even blasted a Bern ! "
" He will suffice , " the Genius insisted , the veins in his forehead turning deeper purple .
Fire !
Let 's see how good they really are .
Altering protocols .
S.T.A.R.S. Oh , shit .
I 'm good but I 'm not that good .
You should be thankful for that .
What do you mean ?
They did something to me .
I barely feel human anymore .
We should keep moving .
Before the sound attracts anything .
Keep moving .
Who is this ?
I can get you out of the city .
All four of you .
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 2225 / 2004 of 23 December 2004 fixing the representative prices and the additional import duties for molasses in the sugar sector applicable from 24 December 2004
" It looks as if you boys are sidelined for the rest of the game . "
" I 'm sure you and Rudi won 't let us sit on the bench for very long , " said Pitt , as he stared from Sandecker to Gunn .
Gunn adjusted his glasses .
" We 're sending an expedition to French Frigate Shoals northwest of the Hawaiian Islands to survey and examine the widespread death of the coral .
We 'd like Al to head up the investigation . "
" And me ? " asked Pitt .
" I hope you saved your cold-weather gear from the Atlantis Project , " said Sandecker wryly .
" You 'll be returning to Antarctica in an attempt to penetrate the ice down to the vast lake scientists believe is under the ice cap . "
A shadow of dissent crossed Pitt 's face .
" I will , of course , follow your directives , Admiral , without argument .
But I respectfully request five days for Al and me to clear up a mystery concerning Dr. Elmore Egan . "
" The search for his secret laboratory ? "
" You know ? "
" I have my sources . "
Kelly , Pitt thought .
Cinderella stamp
Oh my God .
That 's cold baby .
Come on you big wimp .
No you go .
Yeah fine .
It 's fine once you get in .
Come on Matt .
You 're no fun .
He 's heading out to the San Juan Islands Cap .
Just maintain speed and distance .
I don 't want him to make us yet .
Cynthia 's such a trooper .
Don 't come near me .
Must 've eaten something back at the- You know what ?
Whatever you say baby .
Considers that European integration is in the best interests of the entire population of the Western Balkans ; regrets , therefore , the inability of BiH politicians to agree on a common political vision for their country , compromising for reasons of short-sighted nationalism the objective of joining the EU , an objective which would bring peace , stability and prosperity to BiH citizens ;
Reminds political leaders in BiH that joining the EU means accepting the values and rules on which the EU is based , namely respect for human rights , including the rights of minorities , solidarity , including solidarity between peoples and communities , tolerance , including tolerance of different traditions and cultures , the rule of law , including respect for the independence of the judiciary , and democracy , including acceptance of majority rule and freedom of expression ; urges political leaders to abstain from hatred politics , nationalist agendas and secessionism and condemns unilateral withdrawal from reforms ;
Recalls also that the prospect of EU membership has been offered to BiH as a single country , not to its constituent parts , and that , consequently , threats of secession or other attempts to undermine the sovereignty of the State are completely unacceptable ;
Urges all relevant authorities and political leaders , in this regard , to focus very much more on reconciliation , mutual understanding and peace-building measures , in order to support the stability of the country and inter-ethnic peace ;
Reiterates that if BiH seriously wishes to join the EU it should comply with the following requirements :
State institutions must be able to adopt and implement effectively the reforms required in order to join the EU ;
the State should therefore establish public institutions based on the rule of law and capable of efficient decision-making ; those institutions must be functional , authoritative , independent of political influence and adequately resourced ;
Believes that the above requirements can be achieved only through a constitutional reform of BiH based on the following criteria :
the State should have sufficient legislative , budgetary , executive and judicial powers to function as a member of the EU , to establish and maintain a functional single market , to promote economic and social cohesion and to represent and defend the interests of the country abroad ;
the number of administrative levels involved in managing the country should be proportional to BiH 's financial resources and should be based on an efficient , coherent and effective allocation of responsibilities ;
the safeguarding of vital national interests within BiH must be compatible with the country 's capacity to act ;
all minority communities must enjoy the same rights as constituent peoples , and this includes abolishing ethnicity-based limitations on the right to be elected , in keeping with the provisions of the European Convention on Human Rights and the relevant opinions of the European Commission for Democracy through Law ( Venice Commission ) of the Council of Europe ;
Reminds BiH politicians that it is their duty to reach an agreement on the above issues and that , were they to fail to reach such an agreement , they would condemn their country and their citizens to stagnation and isolation , at a time when the financial and economic crisis is hitting BiH badly and resulting in considerable job losses ;
Points out that the constitutional reform of the country and its European perspective should be the subject of a wide-ranging , in-depth debate involving all components of BiH society , and should not be monopolised by the leaders of the main political parties and ethnic communities ;
Urges the BiH Council of Ministers and Parliamentary Assembly to make greater and more effective efforts to adopt the legislation necessary to meet the requirements of European integration , and encourages the different bodies and authorities in BiH to improve coordination on EU-related issues ;
Edit WordArt
Copy Picture
5 Minutes
10 Minutes
15 Minutes
30 Minutes
60 Minutes
6 Minutes
Work Week
Accept Request Without Comment
Address New
Copy Here as with Attachment
Copy Here as with Text
Copy Here as with Shortcut
Decline Request Without Comment
The decision on legal separation is not contrary to the decision on divorce , previously made or recognised by Estonia The divorce or legal separation shall also be recognised , if : the countries of the residence of both spouses recognise the divorce or legal separation or both spouses agree with recognition in Estonia and the defendant who did not participate in the proceedings was served a summons in due time pursuant to the law of that state on at least one occasion and ; the divorce proceedings in Estonia were not instituted prior to institution of the proceedings in the country for whose decision on divorce or legal separation recognition is sought .
The court may refuse to recognise the divorce or legal separation , if recognition would manifestly be contrary to the essential principles of the Estonian law ( public order ) .
15 .
To which court should I turn in Estonia to oppose the recognition of a decision on divorce / legal separation / marriage annulment issued by a court in another Member State ?
Which procedure applies in these cases ?
The court ruling stipulates the procedure and term of appeal .
The appeal shall be filed with the court that made the judgement within 10 days as of public communication of the ruling or if the ruling was made without summons to court of the parties , the term of appeal shall be considered commenced as of service of the ruling .
Petitions for recognition of a foreign decision not governed by an international agreement are heard at the City Court of Tallinn .
A potential opponent to the recognition shall be involved in the proceedings as an interested person on motion of the court hearing the petition .
As indicated under No. 14 , recognition of foreign judgements is carried out under the procedural provisions governing non-contentious matters .
16 .
Which is the applicable law in a divorce proceeding between spouses who do not live in Estonia or who are of different nationalities ?
A divorce is governed by the law of the state where the common residence of the spouses is situated at the time of commencement of the divorce proceedings .
If the spouses reside in different states but have the same citizenship , the divorce is governed by the law of the state the citizens of which the spouses are .
It the spouses reside in different states and have different citizenship , the divorce is governed by the law of the state of their last common residence if one of the spouses still resides in such state .
In the absence of common citizenship or common domicile , the relations between the parents and the child are subject to the law of the territory in which they have or have had a common place of residence or with which they both maintain the closest links .
Parental responsibility - General information | Romania - General information »
Last update : 21-09-2007
I thought he was talking about Hadrian 's Wall , but it was three days ' march north of there , where the seas were closest together .
Hornblower was ready to laugh at himself for his idiotic lack of comprehension at the same time as he was ready to groan with despair at the thought of having to eat his way through an Imperial dinner in his present distended condition .
The last woman took her seat , and then the men sat down together — not quite as simultaneously as marines presenting arms , but almost so .
A babble of conversation began immediately , and almost immediately a golden soup plate was put under Hornblower 's nose and a golden soup tureen full of pink soup was offered to him for him to help himself from .
He could not help glancing down the table ; everyone had been given soup at the same moment — there must be two hundred footmen at least waiting at table .
" That is M. de Narbonne , the French Ambassador , " said the Countess , indicating with a glance a handsome young man across the table two places higher than the Persian Ambassador .
And that is the Austrian Ambassador , and the Saxon Minister , and the Danish Minister , all your enemies officially .
The Spanish Ambassador comes from Joseph Bonaparte , not from the Spanish partisan government which you recognize , so you could hardly be presented to him either .
I don 't believe there 's a soul here except us Russians to whom it would be proper to present you . "
There was a cool , pleasant yellow wine in a tall glass before Hornblower , and he sipped it .
" My experience to-day , " he said , " is that the Russians are the most delightful people in the world , and Russian women the most charming and most beautiful . "
The Countess flashed a glance at him from her sultry eyes , and , it seemed to Hornblower , set his brains creeping about inside his skull .
The golden soup plate was whisked away and replaced by a golden dinner plate .
Another wine was poured into another glass before him — champagne .
It effervesced just as his thoughts appeared to him to be doing .
His footman spoke to him in Russian , apparently offering him a choice , and the Countess settled the problem without referring to him .
Query Pending
Certifcate Trust List
Archived Key Certificate Hash
Private Key Usage Period
Client Information
Cross CA Version
Secure Email
Key Pack Licenses
Key Recovery
Document Signing
IP security IKE intermediate
File Recovery
Root List Signer
Directory Service Email Replication
Key Recovery Agent
Hotel Bank - Online Hotel Reservations &
Hotel Císař Ferdinand
Hotel Císař Ferdinand [ ]
estimated prices | payment cards | rooms | services | sports | other info | contact
T.G. Masaryka 136 , 35733 , Loket Czech Republic
Restaurant Bar Exchange office Lift Access for handicapped Safes Own parking Supervised parking Taxi Service
T.G. Masaryka 136 , 35733 , Loket Czech Republic
Six other producers in the Community neither supported the Community industry nor co-operated with the Commission .
Imports from Croatia and Ukraine were assessed cumulatively .
It was found that imports of the product concerned decreased in 2000 after the measures had been imposed but increased again up to the IP .
Even if the anti-dumping duties are taken into account , undercutting is still significant with 10 % for imports from Ukraine and 6,5 % for imports from Croatia .
It was found that following the imposition of anti-dumping measures in 1999 , the Community industry could initially gain confidence .
Average prices of its Community sales increased between 1999 and 2001 and sales volumes in the Community as well as production increased in the same period .
However , the situation started to deteriorate substantially in the IP .
Sales in the Community decreased by 12 % from 2001 to the IP and the Community industry had to adjust significantly by reducing production , production capacity and employment .
In regard to the Community industry ’ s financial situation , it improved from a loss-making situation in 1999 , but only to reach a more or less break-even situation in 2000 and 2001 and fell back into a loss making situation again in the IP .
4 .
Lasting nature of changed circumstances and likelihood of continuation of dumping and injury Further to the fact that the product concerned was still dumped on the Community market during the IP and that the Community industry still suffered material injury it was also noted that there are still huge production capacities in the countries concerned , which were not used during the IP .
This shows a clear interest by Croatian and Ukrainian exporters in the EU market .
The injury margins found in the investigation have increased as compared to the original investigation because the dumped imports continued to substantially undercut the Community industry ’ s prices and this despite the fact that costs have risen worldwide .
5 . Causation Despite the measures in force , which first led to a reduction of imports in 2000 , the exporting producers from Croatia and Ukraine subsequently increased their market share in the Community from 4,2 % up to 5,5 % during the period considered .
Even with decreasing consumption from 2001 on they saw an increase of their market share .
He sat down and started to wash himself .
When he looked up , I put my arms out and he jumped into them .
" Kwleert ? " ( " Where the hell were you when the riot started ? " )
I carried him back to the car and dumped him in the driver 's space , which was all there was left .
He sniffed the hardware on his accustomed place and looked around reproachfully .
" You 'll have to sit in my lap , " I said .
" Quit being fussy . "
Then I turned east and headed for Big Bear and the Girl Scout camp .
I chucked away enough of Frank in the first ten minutes to permit Pete to resume his rightful place , which suited us both better .
When I had the floor clear , several miles later , I stopped and shoved the notes and drawings down a storm drain .
The wheel-chair chassis I did not get rid of until we were actually in the mountains , then it went down a deep arroyo , making a nice sound effect .
About three in the morning I pulled into a motor court across the mad and down a bit from the turnoff into the Girl Scout camp , and paid too much for a cabin-Pete almost queered it by sticking his head up and making a comment when the owner came out .
" What time , " I asked him , " does the morning mail from Los Angeles get up here ? "
" Helicopter comes in at seven-thirteen , right on the dot . "
" Mister , if you can sleep as late as seven around here you 're better than I am .
Are you kidding ?
You 're my baby .
Charlie singing ?
I wouldn 't miss it .
Hey , Will .
Yeah . I 'll be there .
Yes .
Yes .
Best behavior .
I got it .
Get off my chair .
How 's Sydney ?
That was Sydney , right ?
You got to stop doing that .
Anybody call ?
In one corner was a disordered heap of miscellaneous objects that must also have been considered valuable by the tribesmen ( if they were not simply sloughing their white elephants off on the demon ) -water-ruined books from some monastery , a crystal globe , a dragon 's tooth , a broken statuette , a child 's sodden rag doll at which Holger found his eyes stinging a little , and junk less identifiable after long immersion .
The nixie burrowed into the pile with both arms .
" So they give you humans , " said Holger , very softly .
" A youth and a maiden each year .
I 've really no use for them .
I 'm not a troll or a cannibal woman to enjoy such meat , but they seem to think so .
And the sacrifices do wear the most beautiful costumes . "
Rusel threw him a glance over her shoulder , as innocent as the look of a cat .
She had no soul .
With a surge of strength under the white skin she hauled the grindstone forth .
The wooden framework appeared rotten and the bronze fittings were badly corroded ; but the wheel did still respond to the crank .
" Aren 't my baubles pretty ? " she asked , waving her hand around the room .
" Choose what you wish .
Anything , my lord , just so you include myself . "
Can you turn the wheel ? "
State aid — Romania
State aid C 46 / 07 ( ex NN 59 / 07 ) — Privatisation of Automobile Craiova ( former Daewoo )
Invitation to submit comments pursuant to Article 88 ( 2 ) of the EC Treaty
( Text with EEA relevance )
By means of the letter dated 10 October 2007 reproduced in the authentic language on the pages following this summary , the Commission notified Romania of its decision to initiate the procedure laid down in Article 88 ( 2 ) of the EC Treaty concerning the above-mentioned aid measures .
Interested parties may submit their comments on the aid measure in respect of which the Commission is initiating the procedure within one month of the date of publication of this summary and the following letter , to :
Directorate-General for Competition
State aid Greffe
These comments will be communicated to Romania .
Confidential treatment of the identity of the interested party submitting the comments may be requested in writing , stating the reasons for the request .
TEXT OF SUMMARY
PROCEDURE
By letter of 17 January 2007 , the Commission requested from the Romanian authorities information on several undertakings undergoing privatisation , including Automobile Craiova .
Following the subsequent exchange of letters , the Commission by letters of 5 July 2007 and 30 July 2007 urged the Romanian authorities to abolish specific conditions attached to the privatisation contract of Automobile Craiova , indicating at the same time that the failure to suspend any unlawful aid might lead the Commission to adopt a decision on the basis of Article 88 ( 2 ) EC Treaty and of Article 11 ( 1 ) of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 659 / 1999 laying down detailed rules for the application of Article 93 of the EC Treaty ( suspension injunction ) .
DESCRIPTION
Group 13 ( IIIB , IIIA ) : the boron group
Group 2 ( IIA , IIA ) : the alkaline earth metals
The new IUPAC scheme was developed to replace both systems as they confusingly used the same names to mean different things .
There are three ways of numbering the groups of the periodic table , one using Hindu-Arabic numerals and the other two using Roman numerals .
In the old IUPAC system the letters A and B were designated to the left ( A ) and right ( B ) part of the table , while in the CAS system the letters A and B were designated to main group elements ( A ) and transition elements ( B ) .
The former system was frequently used in Europe while the latter was most common in America .
Group 17 ( VIIB , VIIA ) : the halogens
Group 16 ( VIB , VIA ) : the chalcogens
The " Do not apply during periodic background processing " option prevents the system from updating affected policies in the background while the computer is in use .
Background updates can disrupt the user , cause a program to stop or operate abnormally , and , in rare cases , damage data .
The " Process even if the Group Policy objects have not changed " option updates and reapplies the policies even if the policies have not changed .
Many policy implementations specify that they are updated only when changed .
However , you might want to update unchanged policies , such as reapplying a desired setting in case a user has changed it . "
" Do not apply during periodic background processing "
" Process even if the Group Policy objects have not changed "
" Registry policy processing "
" Determines when registry policies are updated .
This setting affects all policies in the Administrative Templates folder and any other policies that store values in the registry .
It overrides customized settings that the program implementing a registry policy set when it was installed .
If you enable this setting , you can use the check boxes provided to change the options .
If you disable this setting or do not configure it , it has no effect on the system .
Hromovka Mountain Hotel - Contact
Last minute
Reservation and price
Transportation
Accommodation , rooms
Restaurant , bar
Recreation , leisure
Gallery
Contact
Contact
HROMOVKA Hotel Ĺ pindlerĹŻv MlĂ ˝ n 6 KrkonoĹˇe 543 51 Czech Republic
Tel / Fax :
Telephone :
Internet : http : / / www.hotelhromovka.cz Internet : http : / / www.hromovka.cz E-mail : hromovka hromovka.cz E-mail : hromovka vr.bon.cz
Come here ! "
Reluctantly he left his discovery , and sought out the twins .
" Come see what I 've found , " he began .
" Nevermind , " Joe cut him short .
" Look at that . "
Hugh looked .
" That " was a Converter .
Quite impossibly but indubitably a Converter .
" It doesn 't make sense , " Jim protested .
" An apartment this size doesn 't need a Converter .
That thing would supply power and light for half the Ship .
What do you make of it , Hugh ? "
Hugh examined it .
" I don 't know , " he admitted , " but if you think this is strange , come see what I 've found . "
" What have you found ? "
It 's like a guy offered me 100,000 for these once .
And you didn 't sell them ?
No , if I ever need the money that bad I can always call up a rich old lady and give her some sweet lovin ' , you know ?
That 's what I 'm all about .
Hey , what 's up , Al ?
How you doing ?
I 'm on dialysis .
Right on , buddy .
Hey , Al , this is Lindsey .
Hi . Al Waterman .
Here , have a sponge .
Reference plane
The clearance zone is illustrated in Figures 7.1 and 7.2 .
The zone is defined in relation to the reference plane and the seat index point ( SIP ) .
The reference plane is a vertical plane , generally longitudinal to the tractor and passing through the seat index point and the centre of the steering wheel .
Normally the reference plane coincides with the longitudinal median plane of the tractor .
This reference plane shall be assumed to move horizontally with the seat and steering wheel during loading but to remain perpendicular to the tractor or the floor of the roll-over protective structure .
The clearance zone shall be defined on the basis of sub clauses 1.6.2 and 1.6.3 .
Determination of the clearance zone for tractors with a non-reversible seat
The clearance zone for tractors with a non-reversible seat is defined in 1.6.2.1 to 1.6.2.13 below and is bounded by the following planes , the tractor being on a horizontal surface , the seat , where adjustable , adjusted to its rear uppermost position , and the steering wheel , where adjustable , adjusted to the mid-position for seated driving :
a horizontal plane A1 B1 B2 A2 , ( 810 + av ) mm above the seat index point ( SIP ) with line B1B2 located ( ah – 10 ) mm behind the SIP ;
an inclined plane H1 H2 G2 G1 , perpendicular to the reference plane , including both a point 150 mm behind line B1B2 and the rearmost point of the seat backrest ;
a cylindrical surface A1 A2 H2 H1 perpendicular to the reference plane , having a radius of 120 mm , tangential to the planes defined in 1.6.2.1 and 1.6.2.2 above ;
a cylindrical surface B1 C1 C2 B2 , perpendicular to the reference plane , having a radius of 900 mm extending forward for 400 mm and tangential to the plane defined in 1.6.2.1 above along line B1B2 ;
an inclined plane C1 D1 D2 C2 , perpendicular to the reference plane , joining the surface defined in 1.6.2.4 above and passing 40 mm from the forward external edge of the steering wheel .
In the case of a high steering wheel position , this plane extends forward from line B1B2 tangentially to the surface defined in 1.6.2.4 above ;
Please consult your doctor immediately .
During studies , no patient developed clinically relevant antibody titres against the trace amounts of mouse protein and hamster protein present in the preparation .
However , the possibility of allergic reactions to constituents , e. g. trace amounts of mouse and hamster protein in the preparation exists in certain predisposed patients .
The formation of neutralising antibodies to factor VIII ( inhibitors ) is a known complication in the management of individuals with haemophilia A.
In studies with recombinant factor VIII preparations , development of inhibitors is predominantly observed in previously untreated haemophiliacs .
You should be carefully monitored for the development of inhibitors by appropriate clinical observations and laboratory tests .
In clinical studies , KOGENATE Bayer has been used in the treatment of bleeding episodes in 37 previously untreated patients ( PUPs ) and 23 minimally treated pediatric patients ( MTPs , defined as having equal to or less than 4 exposure days ) .
Five out of 37 ( 14 % ) PUP and 4 out of 23 ( 17 % ) MTP patients treated with KOGENATE Bayer developed inhibitors :
Overall 6 out of 60 ( 10 % ) with a titer above 10 BU and 3 out of 60 ( 5 % ) with a titer below 10 BU .
The median number of exposure days at the time of inhibitor detection in these patients was 9 days ( range 3 - 18 days ) .
The median number of exposure days in the clinical studies was 114 ( range : 4-478 ) .
Four of the five patients , who had not achieved 20 exposure days at the end of the study , ultimately achieved more than 20 exposure days in post-study follow-up and one of them developed a low titer inhibitor .
The fifth patient was lost to follow-up .
In clinical studies with 73 previously treated patients ( PTP , defined as having more than 100 exposure days ) , followed over four years , no de-novo inhibitors were observed .
In extensive post-registration studies with KOGENATE Bayer , involving more than 1000 patients the following was observed :
Telex COMEU B 21877
Article 5
This Regulation shall enter into force on the day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States .
Done at Brussels , 2 August 2004 .
For the Commission
Pascal Lamy
Member of the Commission
" To Burgermayer at Embryomechanics .
Council and Commission Decision of 19 October 2009 on the conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Azerbaijan , of the other part , to take account of the accession of the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union
if actual semi-milled and milled rice imports for the just-completed marketing year are more than 15 % above the annual reference import level for that 12-month period , as calculated under paragraph 3 above ( i.e. more than 387743 tonnes ) , the EC shall apply a tariff rate of EUR 175 / t ;
if actual semi-milled and milled rice imports for the just-completed marketing year are less than or equal to the annual reference import level for that 12-month period , as calculated under paragraph 3 above , increased by 15 % ( i.e. less than or equal to 387743 tonnes ) , the EC shall apply a tariff rate of EUR 145 / t .
For purposes of ( a ) and ( b ) above , actual semi-milled and milled rice imports are all imports entering the EC-25 from all origins under the HS subheading 1006 30 .
TRQ : the EC shall open a new annual TRQ of 13500 tonnes of semi-milled and milled rice of which 4313 tonnes shall be allocated to Thailand .
The in-quota rate shall be zero .
Broken rice : for rice with HS subheading 1006 40 , the EC shall apply an import duty of EUR 65 / t .
The volume of the current TRQ of broken rice shall be increased to 100000 tonnes .
The in-quota duty shall be equal to the duty of paragraph 8 above less 30,77 % .
Transparency : the EC shall promptly provide public notice of any adjustment in the applied tariff rate .
Consultation : at the request of either party , the parties shall , within 30 days of the receipt of such a request , enter into consultations on matters covered by this agreement .
The provisions of this agreement shall be applicable as from 1 September 2005 .
I would be grateful if you could confirm the agreement of your Government to the above .
Please accept , Sir , the assurance of my highest consideration .
On behalf of the European Community
Letter from Thailand
Instead , they were slaughtered .
We have fought the Goa 'uld for thousands of years .
You have no right to question our methods .
You have allies now .
What good has it done us ?
Since we have been allies , your tendency to provoke confrontation with the Goa 'uld has resulted in the deaths of more Tok 'ra than in the previous hundred years .
When a human or a Jaffa dies , more are born to take their place .
Not so for the Tok 'ra .
Our Queen Egeria , from whom all Tok 'ra have spawned , is dead .
Our numbers are dwindling .
Carter , I need the Thanks .
Last update : 22-01-2007
Jurisdiction of the courts - General information | Spain - General information »
Last update : 22-04-2005
Easier ? Was that the word ?
" We 'll know in a couple of days from statistical analysis of the cases . "
The President nodded silently .
" Less than ten thousand , according to the computer models at Reed and Detrick .
I 'm saying that ten thousand is better than ten million . "
" One death is a tragedy , and a million is a statistic , " Ryan said finally .
" Yes , sir .
I know that one . "
The good news didn 't make Alexandre all that happy .
But how else to tell people that a disaster was better than a catastrophe ?
" losef Vissarionovich Stalin , " SWORDSMAN told them .
" He did have a way with words . "
" You know who did it , " Alex observed .
" What makes you say that ? " Jack asked .
" You didn 't react normally to what I told you , Mr. President . "
Article 1 In Article 9 ( 1 ) of Regulation ( EEC ) No 1210 / 90 , the first sentence is replaced by the following :
" 1 .
The Agency shall be headed by an Executive Director appointed by the management board on a proposal from the Commission for a period of five years which , on a proposal from the Commission and after an evaluation , may be extended once for a period of not more than five years .
In the evaluation , the Commission shall assess in particular :
- the results achieved in the first term of office and the way in which they have been achieved ;
- the Agency ’ s duties and requirements in the coming years . "
Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on the [ ... ] day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States .
ANNEX
IDENTIFIED PRACTICES OF MEMBER STATES THAT FACILITATE THE CORRECT AND TIMELY TRANSPOSITION INTO NATIONAL LAW OF DIRECTIVES AFFECTING THE INTERNAL MARKET
Making correct and timely transposition a permanent political and operational priority
One senior member of government , at Minister or Secretary of State level , is designated as being responsible for monitoring the transposition of all internal market Directives into national law and for improving the transposition record of the Member State .
This member of government has the visible support of the Head of Government in this task and it is clear to Ministers and the administration that the government considers correct and timely transposition to be a priority .
All Ministers receive a report regularly ( for example , once a month ) on the transposition records of all Ministries / governmental bodies .
Transposition records are discussed regularly at meetings of Ministers .
Sufficient resources are allocated to ensure correct and timely transposition .
Ensuring permanent monitoring and coordination of the transposition of internal market Directives at administrative and political level
One Ministry or government body is responsible for monitoring transposition as a whole .
It coordinates transposition with the Ministries and sub-federal , regional and devolved government bodies responsible for transposition , and is sent the planning schedule for transposition .
It ensures that progress on transposition is discussed with Ministries at high administrative level regularly ( for example , once a month ) .
It reports regularly ( for example , once a month ) to the Minister or Secretary of State responsible for monitoring transposition .
It also acts as national coordinator for dealing with the Commission concerning the transposition record of the Member State .
Each Ministry and each sub-federal , regional and devolved government body that carries out transposition designates officials who are responsible for monitoring transposition in the Ministry or body and for acting as a contact point .
Sepp Maier
Any changes you made to the view may be lost .
Unable to close the current folder .
Outlook cannot display this view .
Unable to display the folder .
Unable to display the folder
Unable to display the selected folder or item .
An error occurred in the folder shortcuts file ( .fav ) .
Outlook will recreate the default folder shortcuts .
Could not add a shortcut to this folder .
Unable to create new group .
The set of folders could not be opened .
Unable to log off .
Please enter a valid path .
Can 't create the default folder shortcuts for the Navigation Pane .
An Outlook Address Book entry cannot be used as an e-mail address in a contact .
Regional Policy Inforegio - Why do we need regional policy ?
Regional Policy - Inforegio Important legal notice The Policy Background Why do we need regional policy ?
Key objectives Which regions are affected ?
Funds available Policy stages Topics Funds management Evaluation Glossary The Means Cohesion Fund ERDF - European regional development fund ESF - European social fund Solidarity Fund EGTC - European grouping of territorial cooperation IPA - Instrument for pre-accession assistance Jaspers-Jeremie-Jessica In Your Country Your country / region Managing authorities Development programmes Links to regional websites Success Stories Consult the stories Share your story Information Sources Maps and logos Publications Inforegio newsletter Panorama magazine Brochures Surveys Factsheets Presentations ( ppt ) Photo gallery Official documents Other sources Background Why do we need regional policy ?
Key objectives Which regions are affected ?
Funds available Policy stages Topics Funds management Evaluation Glossary Why do we need regional policy ?
One region in four has a GDP ( Gross Domestic Product ) per inhabitant under 75 % of the average of the European Union of 27 .
To show solidarity and remain competitive European regional policy is designed to bring about concrete results , furthering economic and social cohesion to reduce the gap between the development levels of the various regions .
The idea is to create potential so that the regions can fully contribute to achieving greater growth and competitiveness and , at the same time , to exchange ideas and best practices .
This is the main purpose of the new initiative Regions for economic change .
The whole regional policy is in line with the priorities set by the EU for growth and jobs ( see the Lisbon strategy )
Credit : Jean-Jacques Patricola To meet the challenges of the 21st Century ” What kind of Europe do we want – for ourselves and for future generations ?
A dynamic Europe that leads the world in science and technology ?
Non-opposition to a notified concentration ( Case COMP / M.3876 — Diester Industrie / Bunge / JV )
Credit institutions shall for real estate collateralising covered bonds meet the minimum requirements set out in Annex VIII Part 2 , point 8 and the valuation rules set out in Annex VIII , Part 3 , points 62 to 65 .
Notwithstanding points 68 and 69 , covered bonds meeting the definition of Article 22 ( 4 ) of Directive 85 / 611 / EEC and issued before 31 December 2007 are also eligible for the preferential treatment until their maturity .
Covered bonds shall be assigned a risk weight on the basis of the risk weight assigned to senior unsecured exposures to the credit institution which issues them .
The following correspondence between risk weights shall apply :
if the exposures to the institution are assigned a risk weight of 20 % , the covered bond shall be assigned a risk weight of 10 % ;
if the exposures to the institution are assigned a risk weight of 50 % , the covered bond shall be assigned a risk weight of 20 % ;
if the exposures to the institution are assigned a risk weight of 100 % , the covered bond shall be assigned a risk weight of 50 % ; and
if the exposures to the institution are assigned a risk weight of 150 % , the covered bond shall be assigned a risk weight of 100 % .
Risk weight exposure amounts for securitisation positions shall be determined in accordance with Articles 94 to 101 .
SHORT-TERM EXPOSURES TO INSTITUTIONS AND CORPORATES
Short-term exposures to an institution or corporate for which a credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is available shall be assigned a risk weight according to Table 7 as follows , in accordance with the mapping by the competent authorities of the credit assessments of eligible ECAIs to six steps in a credit quality assessment scale :
EXPOSURES IN THE FORM OF COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT UNDERTAKINGS ( CIUS )
Without prejudice to points 75 to 81 , exposures in collective investment undertakings ( CIUs ) shall be assigned a risk weight of 100 % .
Exposures in the form of CIUs for which a credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is available shall be assigned a risk weight according to Table 8 , in accordance with the assignment by the competent authorities of the credit assessments of eligible ECAIs to six steps in a credit quality assessment scale .
Where competent authorities consider that a position in a CIU is associated with particularly high risks they shall require that that position is assigned a risk weight of 150 % .
The girl nods , smiling .
'And I 'm always an Ellie , never a Margaret.'
'Margrit the Maggot ! ' Ralph cries in crazed six-year-old triumph .
He raises his hands in the air and bumps his hips from side to side in the pure poison joy of living .
'Margrit the Maggot loves Eeeeethan Hawwwwwke ! '
Ellen gives Cynthia a look much older than her years , an expression of world-weary resignation that says You see what I have to put up with .
Cynthia , who had a little brother herself and knows exactly what pretty Ellie has to put up with , wants to crack up but manages to keep a straight face .
And that 's good .
This girl 's a prisoner of her time and her age , the same as anyone else , which means that all of this is perfectly serious to her .
Ellie hands her brother a can of Pepsi .
'We 'll split the candybar outside , ' she says .
'You 're gonna pull me in Buster , ' Ralph says as they start toward the door , walking into the brilliant oblong of sun that falls through the window like fire .
'Gonna pull me in Buster all the way back home.'
'Like hell I am , ' Ellie says , but as she opens the door , Brother Boogersnot turns and gives Cynthia a smug look which says Wait and see who wins this one .
You just wait and see .
The consortium must notify any change of its membership to the Commission , which may object within six weeks of the notification .
New participants shall accede to the contract in accordance with the terms of Article 12 ( 2 ) .
2 .
The joint programme of activities for a network of excellence or the implementation plan for an integrated project shall specify which changes in the membership of the consortium shall require the prior publication of a competitive call .
The consortium shall publish the competitive call and advertise it widely using specific information support , particularly Internet sites on the sixth framework programme , the specialist press and brochures .
The consortium shall evaluate offers in the light of the criteria which governed the evaluation and selection of the indirect action , defined according to the terms of Article 10 ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) , and with the assistance of independent experts appointed by the consortium on the basis of the criteria described in Article 11 ( 2 ) ( b ) .
Subsequent modification of the consortium shall follow the procedure established in the second subparagraph of paragraph 1 .
Article 16 Additional financial contribution The Commission may increase the Community financial contribution to an indirect action already under way in order to expand its scope to cover new activities which may involve new participants .
The Commission shall evaluate and select such proposals in accordance with Article 10 .
Article 17 Consortium activities in favour of third parties If the contract provides for the consortium to undertake all or some of its activities in favour of third parties , the consortium shall ensure that this is properly made public , in accordance , where applicable , with the contract .
The consortium shall evaluate and select any application received from third parties in accordance with the principles of transparency , fairness and impartiality and also with the terms of the contract .
Article 18 Scientific , technological and financial monitoring and audits 1 .
The indirect actions to which the Community contributes shall be periodically evaluated by the Commission on the basis of progress reports which will also cover the implementation of the plan for the use or dissemination of knowledge , submitted by the participants in accordance with the terms of the contract .
In monitoring the networks of excellence , the integrated projects and , where necessary , other indirect actions , the Commission shall be assisted by independent experts appointed in accordance with the provisions of Article 11 ( 2 ) .
The Commission shall ensure that all the information , which it receives on pre-existing know-how and on knowledge expected or acquired during the course of an indirect action , is treated with confidentiality .
20 .
What is the procedure for becoming a lawyer ?
The requirements for qualifying as an abogado in Spain are as follows :
To be a member of the Colegio de Abogados ( Bar Association ) for the district in which the sole or main professional domicile is located , in order to practise anywhere in Spain .
21 .
Which legislation has been adopted by Spain to ensure that lawyers are free to practise , and to provide for the mutual recognition of qualifications ?
Nationals of EU Member States and , under the Agreement creating the European Economic Area signed in Oporto on 2 May 1992 and ratified by Spain on 26 November 1993 , nationals of the EEA States .
Adress :
That 's it .
Thanks for the lift , mate .
What tribe are you , Gus ?
Man , I ain 't from no tribe .
You 're a black fellow , aren 't you ?
Nobody in our tribe has a car like this .
I 'll get a cab to the office .
Do you want to eat somewhere special tonight ?
I thought Tacano 's would be nice .
Tacano 's . 7 : 30 ?
Great .
Sir .
No worries .
Well , what do you think ?
Oh , it 's a bit rough , but I 'll manage .
Player :
No audio output
That you and I should find each other too late , Venza .
We could have a lot of fun in Greater New York together . "
As I turned away , I murmured , " And pray God , so will Anita and I. "
The girls slept together in a small room of the main building .
Often during the time of sleep , when the camp was stilled except for the night watch , Snap and I would sit in the corridor near the girls ' door , talking of that time when we would all be back on our blessed Earth .
The brigand ship was due--now , tomorrow , or the next day .
I recall , that night , my sleep was fitfully uneasy .
Snap and I had a cubby together .
No crowd , just business .
I won 't bet my 5,000 .
I don 't owe that goddamn Speed anything .
That 's not the point .
It 's real simple .
He 's in the wringer .
Only you can get him out .
Money 's hard to come by , Poe .
Anybody got a cigarette ?
You 're not going anywhere .
If things don 't work out tomorrow night , which one of you gets to do the job ?
We both do .
You haven 't won one in a while , have you ?
Three cards .
He really cleaned your plough , huh ?
He had enough fulminates for twice that , and black powder to match .
Karitas entered as he was replacing his weapons in the saddlebags .
'Black powder was a good propellant , ' said the old man .
'But not enough of it burns , and that 's why there is so much smoke .
’ I make my own , ' said Shannow , ' but the saltpetre is the hardest to find .
Well , what do we do about that ?
What can we do in a case like Chandler 's ?
We treat them with symptom-modifying drugs --
for this kind of pain .
We take nerves that are noisy and active
that should be quiet ,
and we put them to sleep with local anesthetics .
of physical therapy and occupational therapy
to retrain the nerves in the nervous system
to respond normally
to the activities and sensory experiences
And we support all of that
with an intensive psychotherapy program
to address the despondency , despair and depression
that always accompanies
What do we say ?
Now .
What is this ?
Mama 's specialite de la maison .
Oh , Tish .
Start with the eyes .
Did you sleep well ?
Like the dead .
Really ? Who would have thought the Bermuda Triangle could change a man so much ?
You used to toss and turn all night .
We had to chain you to the bedpost .
Doesn 't make sense .
The Bermuda Triangle is a very strange and mysterious place .
You 'd be surprised at all the things you don 't know .
She certainly would .
Major credit card and a license .
See ? Just imagination .
Now what ?
It 's trying to stop you .
Do you hear me ?
It 's trying to stop you .
Is anyone there ?
Come back to me , Gage .
Come back to us .
Hey !
Hop in , babe .
Directive 2005 / 35 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 7 September 2005
on ship-source pollution and on the introduction of penalties for infringements
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION ,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Article 80 ( 2 ) thereof ,
Having regard to the proposal from the Commission ,
Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee ,
After consulting the Committee of the Regions ,
Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty ,
The Community 's maritime safety policy is aimed at a high level of safety and environmental protection and is based on the understanding that all parties involved in the transport of goods by sea have a responsibility for ensuring that ships used in Community waters comply with applicable rules and standards .
The material standards in all Member States for discharges of polluting substances from ships are based upon the Marpol 73 / 78 Convention ; however these rules are being ignored on a daily basis by a very large number of ships sailing in Community waters , without corrective action being taken .
The implementation of Marpol 73 / 78 shows discrepancies among Member States and there is thus a need to harmonise its implementation at Community level ; in particular the practices of Member States relating to the imposition of penalties for discharges of polluting substances from ships differ significantly .
Measures of a dissuasive nature form an integral part of the Community 's maritime safety policy , as they ensure a link between the responsibility of each of the parties involved in the transport of polluting goods by sea and their exposure to penalties ; in order to achieve effective protection of the environment there is therefore a need for effective , dissuasive and proportionate penalties .
To that end it is essential to approximate , by way of the proper legal instruments , existing legal provisions , in particular on the precise definition of the infringement in question , the cases of exemption and minimum rules for penalties , and on liability and jurisdiction .
This Directive is supplemented by detailed rules on criminal offences and penalties as well as other provisions set out in Council Framework Decision 2005 / 667 / JHA of 12 July 2005 to strengthen the criminal law framework for the enforcement of the law against ship-source pollution .
Berthold Englisch
The examination of trends in the context of injury covered the period from 1 January 2002 up to the end of the RIP ( hereinafter referred to as the period considered ) .
PARTIES CONCERNED BY THE INVESTIGATION
The Commission officially advised the exporting producers , the representatives of the exporting country , importers , Community producers , users and the applicant of the initiation of the expiry review .
Interested parties were given the opportunity to make their views known in writing and to request a hearing within the time limit set out in the notice of initiation .
All interested parties who so requested and showed that there were particular reasons why they should be heard were granted a hearing .
In view of the apparent large number of Indian exporting producers as well as Community producers and importers listed in the request for the expiry reviews , it was considered appropriate , in accordance with Article 27 of the basic Regulation , to examine whether sampling should be used .
In order to enable the Commission to decide whether sampling would be necessary and , if so , to select a sample , the above parties were requested , pursuant to Article 27 of the basic Regulation , to make themselves known within 15 days of the initiation of the reviews and to provide the Commission with the information requested in the notice of initiation .
After examination of the information submitted , given the low number of exporting producers in India indicating their willingness to cooperate , it was decided that sampling was not necessary as regards exporting producers in India .
Having examined the information submitted by Community producers and importers , and given the relative small number of replies , it was considered that sampling for none of these categories would be warranted .
Questionnaires were therefore sent to all known exporting producers in the country concerned , importers , suppliers , Community producers and users .
Replies to the questionnaires were received from three Indian producers , from 12 Community producers , from one importer , one supplier and from 10 converters / users .
The Commission sought and verified all the information it deemed necessary for its analysis and carried out verification visits at the premises of the following companies :
Voridian BV ( the Netherlands )
M & G Polimeri Italia Spa ( Italy )
Equipolymers Srl ( Italia )
Article 1 The Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Community and the Republic of Chile amending Appendix II of the Agreement on Trade in Spirit Drinks and Aromatised Drinks annexed to the Association Agreement between the European Community and its Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Chile , of the other part , is hereby approved on behalf of the Community .
The text of the Agreement is attached to this Decision .
Article 2 The Commissioner of Agriculture and Rural Development is hereby empowered to sign the Exchange of Letters in order to bind the Community .
Done at Brussels , 3 March 2006 .
ANNEX
Rates of the refunds applicable from 29 June 2007 to certain milk products exported in the form of goods not covered by Annex I to the Treaty
I 'll stay here a little while longer , I haven 't quite finished yet .
There is a lot of things I would play " Rabbit " with Dicken , and the the phone rang Get to the point , Håkan .
I 'll tell in on the road .
Come !
Do you see anything ?
Not a thing .
We want to co-operate , but first we want to see the child !
Agneta , do we know anything , or ... ?
We want to co-operate , but first we want to see the child !
Do you know who it is ?
No .
No .
I want a million , or else Hell breaks loose !
Benny , can I borrow that thing ?
Okay , but we need time to procure the money - and we want assurance that nothing have happened to the child !
And takeyour cat with ya .
Color Type
Find Color Name :
Original
New
Color Reference :
Coated Paper
Uncoated Paper
Convert to Process
Solid PANTONE Colors on Coated Stock
Solid PANTONE Colors on Uncoated Stock
PANTONE Solid
PANTONE Process
Recolor whole object
Insert
( Unavailable In Trial )
Editable Combo Box :
As you pointed out , it doesn 't hurt and I 'd probably be a lot happier . "
She turned red .
" You 're being preposterous . "
" So are you ! "
She never mentioned it again .
What are your terms ?
Hmm .
Not really sure yet , but I am done with this potion .
So as soon as Piper gets back , we are ready to go .
Not this time , witch .
Jinny , I wish you free !
Well , it 's about time .
Who 's the master now ?
Where 's Phoebe ?
Here !
In here !
Will you come out of there , please ?
I can 't !
I don 't know how .
Try commanding me .
Composition
manufacturers / processors ( X ) other ( )
The Bond van Boerderijzuivelbereiders represents the general interests of its members , i.e. dairy farmers and manufacturers of farm dairy products .
The members of the Bond van Boerderijzuivelbereiders ( BBZ ) are manufacturers of farm dairy products using milk from their own herd ( cattle , goats or sheep ) to make cheese and other dairy products .
The BBZ has 420 members , of whom more than 350 make Boerenkaas .
Type of product :
semi-hard or hard cheese made from raw milk
Specification :
( summary of requirements under Article 6 ( 2 ) )
Name
Boerenkaas ( only in Dutch )
Special production or manufacturing method
Boerenkaas is a cheese made on the farm from raw milk from cattle , goats , sheep or buffalo .
At least half of the milk must come from the farm 's own herd .
Milk may be bought in from no more than two other dairy farms , but the total quantity bought in may not be greater than the farmer 's own production .
Yeah , that 's exactly what I wanna know .
Gordo , if this is you , so help me .
W2QYV .
Now you listen to me .
My name is John Francis Sullivan .
I saw thefirst game of the 1969 World Series right here in this house thirty years ago .
Bullshit .
Myfather 's name is Francis Patrick Sullivan .
Who the hell are you ?
What 's going on ?
Nothing 's going on .
You burntthe desk .
I can see it .
Are you still there ?
You burntthe desk .
Karel Fojtík a Pavel Černý
Author :
" That 's the tail ' Richman said .
Casey nodded .
" The wing is over there , " she said , pointing across the floor .
" It 's two hundred feet longalmost as long as a football field . "
Richman turned to look .
" This your first time on the floor ? "
" Yeah ... "
Richman was turning around , looking in all directions .
" Awesome , " he said .
" They 're big , " Casey said .
" Why are they all lime green ? "
" We coat the structural elements with epoxy to prevent corrosion .
The skins are highly polished and very expensive .
So we leave that coating on until Paint Shed . "
" That 's right , " Casey said .
Network users need to learn how availability of contracted capacity is affected , in order to take necessary measures to meet their customers ' needs under the prevailing circumstances .
In this respect , the level of transparency should be as high as possible .
'This alliance meets with your approval , Sarabian-Emperor ? ' she asked formally .
" It does , Betuana-Queen.'
Sephrenia and Xanetia took those hands , and the three stood together so for a long minute .
'Thou art brave , Betuana-Queen , ' Xanetia noted .
'i 'm an Atan , Anarae.'
Betuana shrugged .
Then she turned and gave Engessa a stern look .
'Why did you not tell me ? ' she demanded .
" I was told not to , Betuana-Queen , ' he replied .
'SarabianEmperor said that you would need to see Xanetia-Anarae before you would believe that she is who we say she is .
He also wanted to be present when you and she met .
He takes delight in the astonishment of others .
His is a peculiar mind.'
The accident .
Still , I 'm lucky .
I continue to exist as part of you .
Jadzia will go on existing when the symbiont passes to a new host .
Come in .
I 'm ready .
Are you sure about this ?
Don 't worry , Odo .
Joran can 't hurt anyone from inside a holding cell .
There 's just one problem .
You 're going to be in there with him .
Activate the force field .
Joran .
Hello , Jadzia .
If you need me , I 'll be right outside .
What are the means for settling possible conflicts between different legal rules within the Member State ?
Before laws are promulgated , and when they are referred to it ( by the President of the Republic , the Prime Minister , the Presidents of the Assemblies , sixty MPs or sixty Senators ) , the Constitutional Council checks that they are compatible with the Constitution .
However , once a law is promulgated , there is no procedure for challenging it .
From that point on , a judge cannot censure an administrative act even if it directly violates the Constitution .
If its unconstitutionality arises from the fact that it is used to apply a law that is , itself , unconstitutional , the judge cannot censure the act .
The law makes it difficult for the judge to carry out his checking procedure .
Where it is contrary to a higher norm , the regulation can be challenged in the administrative courts on grounds of ultra vires .
This is a proceeding for annulment , which may be used by any constituent against any enforceable decision that may be illegal , generally within two months of the date on which the contested act comes into force .
The illegality of an administrative regulation may be pleaded in the courts at any time , not as the principal action for annulment but incidentally on a plea of illegality .
« Legal order - General information | France - General information »
Last update : 02-05-2005
Estimate of number of contract staff ( expressed in full-time equivalents ) and seconded national experts
Acknowledges that the budget allocations requested for completing the construction of the Visitors ' Centre and the Audiovisual Centre are in line with initial estimates ; emphasises the fact that their implementation is highly dependent on the delivery dates of the D4 and D5 buildings , which may be slightly delayed , according to the information given by the Secretary General to the Bureau on 12 March 2007 ; asks the administration , therefore , to keep its relevant committee informed in order to allow it to make the necessary adjustments in the 2008 budget ;
Multilingualism
Is willing to consider a proposal for restructuring the interpretation service , while insisting that the administration enforce more actively the code of conduct on multilingualism , in order to ensure suitable and efficient linguistic support for Members above all at official meetings of Parliament bodies and prevent any shortcomings , irresponsible use or misuse of this service ; is willing to consider within this framework the possible extension of this service to more personal linguistic assistance ; recalls that all Members should be treated fairly , irrespective of their native language ;
Points out that any recommendation for the interpretation service should take account of the report of the Court of Auditors and be based on a comprehensive quality control system including qualitative indicators ;
Is highly concerned by the fact that translations of documents are frequently not available in all languages for debates in committees , a situation which has a negative impact on the committees ' proceedings and leads to an inefficient use of available resources ( in particular given the multiplication of extraordinary meetings ) ; insists that it is vital to take the necessary measures to have an efficient translation system in order to ensure the equal treatment of all Members and the orderly development of parliamentary business ; urges the administration to make all the necessary efforts to provide the appropriate means and ensure an adequate organisation of the translation service in order to prevent any shortcomings and the consequent increase of costs , in particular when deadlines for decisions are fixed in the Treaty ;
Buildings
Is surprised by the substantial increase in Item 2000 ( Rent ) of EUR 5131200 , which absorbs half of the savings resulting from the purchase of the Strasbourg buildings ; understands that the increase of 19,85 % is based on developments in the real estate market and the need to rent an additional building in Luxembourg during the work on the extension of the KAD building ; recommends that the administration bear these factors in mind before proposing further purchases of external offices that cannot be considered a priority with regard to the three places of work ;
Takes note of the delay in the construction of the extension of the KAD building , mainly due to the decision of the Luxembourg State to abandon the creation of a shopping area ; acknowledges that this decision will ease the management of the building in particular in terms of security ; regrets , however , that construction work cannot start on time , which will postpone the occupancy of the extension to the end of 2012 and necessitate a longer rental of the temporary buildings ; asks , therefore , to be kept informed of further developments with this project ;
Points out that Item 2007 ( Fitting out premises ) has increased by 72,24 % compared to the 2007 budget to an amount of EUR 30008000 ; decides to put the amount of EUR 3000000 foreseen for the Sports Centre under sub-item 2007 / 03 ( Fitting-out , Brussels ) in reserve until Parliament 's competent bodies have taken a final decision on the project and its financing ; awaits the report on building needs and maintenance costs scheduled for 30 April 2007 ;
Is strongly of the view that a global approach must be taken when deciding on renting , purchasing or fitting-out buildings ; considers that every decision concerning buildings policy must take into account the longer-term financial consequences ; will assess the information provided on the overall costs of its buildings policy before allocating the appropriations requested ; asks the administration to provide detailed information on the fitting-out works , especially those foreseen in Brussels and the newly acquired buildings in Strasbourg ;
Notes that the increase in IT expenditure over the last four years has reached 28 % ; considers that the current strategy was useful in modernising the European Parliament 's IT systems , enhancing the services provided to users and developing a new internet website ; stresses , nevertheless , that it has multiplied the number of projects to 477 and has left some key functions in the hands of external staff ; emphasises that , given that the administration must justify its financial requests , the Directorate on Information Technologies ( DIT ) should make proposals to rationalise its costs in the context of the amending letter ;
Notes that the estimate for telecommunications charges is approximately the same as the estimate for 2005 , whereas the actual costs have been falling annually since 2004 owing to the use of new technologies and general price reductions in the sector , and in 2006 were EUR 2100000 below the estimates ; calls on the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Budgets on the use of current VOIP technologies to reduce telephone costs ;
Requests for split votes
1st part : Text as a whole excluding the words with the exception of Frontex ... under title 3 and
2nd part : those words
1st part : Text as a whole excluding the words in strengthening ... illegal immigration
2nd part : those words
Draft general budget for 2008 ( Sections I , II , IV , V , VI , VII , VIII , IX )
Report : Ville ITÄLÄ ( A6-0394 / 2007 )
Requests for roll-call votes
PPE-DE : final vote
Recognition and supervision of suspended sentences , alternative sanctions and conditional sentences *
Report : Maria da Assunção ESTEVES ( A6-0356 / 2007 )
Miscellaneous
Amendment 2 , which was part of the single vote , was modified orally by Maria da Assunção Esteves ( rapporteur ) , with the words in clearly unacceptable infringement being replaced by in clear infringement .
Report : Ioannis VARVITSIOTIS ( A6-0362 / 2007 )
Requests for separate votes
" Everyone 's done things the old way .
Now we 'll have to find a new way .
Otherwise there won 't be any way .
The Empire- " " I 'm not sure there 's going to be an Empire again , " said Bane .
" What ?
But there 's got to be an Empire ! " said Pismire .
" There might be something better , " said Bane .
" I 'm thinking about it .
Lots of small countries and cities joined together could be better than one big Empire .
" And a voice for women , " said Lady Vortex 's voice from somewhere in the crowd .
" Possibly even that , " he said .
He looked up .
At the back of the group were some of the wights .
They hadn 't said anything .
No-one knew their names .
You 're endangering my people .
You 've got to wait until they 're in the clear .
I 'm afraid that 's impossible .
It 's what we agreed to .
We agreed to give you three days , nothing more .
Target the patrol that 's firing at those caves .
If you attack us , we 'll retaliate .
We 're locked onto the coordinates .
Charge weapons .
Do you really want to be at war with us , Captain ?
The question is do you want to be at war with us .
Sounds like you 've got your hands full already .
Stick to our original agreement and you won 't find yourself fighting on two fronts .
Commander , the bombing seems to have stopped .
We need to get out of here before it starts up again .
The weight of his bowling-ball head means that he cannot extend his neck , so vomit spatters against his right shoulder and right arm ; and what comes leaping out of him feels alive and equipped with teeth and claws .
His stomach doubles in on itself with pain .
Without meaning to , Doc has slowed down , and when he accelerates and faces forward again , he sees Mouse topple over sideways and skid behind his bike into the curve up ahead .
His ears report a rushing sound , like that of a distant waterfall .
Dimly , Mouse screams ; equally dimly , Beezer shouts " No ! "
Right after that , the Beeze runs headlong into a big rock or some other obstruction , because his Electra Glide leaves the ground , flips completely over in the compacted air , and comes down on top of him .
It occurs to Doc that this mission is totally FUBAR .
The whole world has hung a left , and now they are in deep shit .
He does the only sensible thing : he yanks his trusty 9mm out of his pocket and tries to figure out what to shoot first .
His ears pop , and the sounds around him surge into life .
Mouse is still screeching .
Doc cannot figure out how he missed hearing the noise of the dog before , because even with the roaring of the cycles and Mouse 's screams , that moving growl is the loudest sound in the woods .
The fucking Hound of the Baskervilles is racing toward them , and both Mouse and Beezer are out of commission .
From the noise it makes , the thing must be the size of a bear .
Doc aims the pistol straight ahead and steers with one hand as he blasts by Beezer , who is wriggling out from beneath his bike .
If he deems them beneficial for the minor he approves them in the decree of separation , divorce , or definitive measures concerning the care and custody and maintenance of underage children , in cases when the parents are not married .
6 .
If the parents do not reach agreement in the matter of parental responsibility , what alternative means are there for resolving the conflict without turning to the courts ?
The main alternative measure other than judicial decision for arriving at an agreement between the parties is Family Mediation .
For any agreements adopted to acquire executive force , they must still be approved by judicial decision .
7 .
If the parents turn to a court , what issues relating to the minor can the judge decide ?
In the judicial decision the judge always has to resolve the following matters in the interest of underage children , avoiding the separation of siblings and after hearing them if they are old enough , and always in the case of those older than 12 years :
an ex post evaluation report not later than 31 December 2015 .
Article 14
Transitional provisions
Actions initiated before 31 December 2006 on the basis of Decisions Nos 508 / 2000 / EC and 792 / 2004 / EC shall continue to be administered until their closure in accordance with the provisions of these Decisions .
The committee set up under the terms of Article 5 of Decision No 508 / 2000 / EC shall be replaced by the committee provided for in Article 9 of this Decision .
Article 15
Entry into force
This Decision shall enter into force on the twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
Done at Brussels ,
For the European Parliament
The President
For the Council
The President
Stop !
Oh , shit !
You 're gonna get it .
Come on .
Come on .
You 're mine now .
Oh , yeah ?
Oh , yeah ?
Yeah .
You have chosen to display protected operating system files ( files labeled System and Hidden ) in Windows Explorer .
These files are required to start and run Windows .
Continue executing the search ?
The Indexing Service query cannot be completed successfully because the queries are not case sensitive .
It will not be possible to create a desktop item because this CDF file does not contain information on how to create one .
No local HTML document is selected to be displayed as the desktop background .
that are displayed in atlases
all over the world .
They give us some sense of what 's going
to be our train wreck .
But none of that is in my medical record .
And it 's not in yours either .
So , here is my friend Paul .
He 's a colleague . He allowed his cell phone to be tracked
365 days out of the year ,
for the last two years , everywhere he went .
And you can see he 's been to a few places around the United States .
And this is where he has spent most of his time .
as to what Paul likes to do .
Anybody got any clues ? Skiing . Right .
We can zoom in here , and we suddenly see
“ And even were she deficient , she remains a unicorn , a breed apart from common horses .
No one but this man could have ridden her . ”
The Lady looked at him defiantly .
“ If he could ride an animal I could not , then would I believe . ”
“ Therefore thou hast but to ride Neysa , ” Kurrelgyre pointed out to her .
“ Thou hast not the magic humming he had , but the mare remains tired from her long hard ride to reach this castle yestermorn .
I ran with her all the way , unburdened , and I felt the strain of that travel — and I am a wolf .
So I judge the challenge equivalent .
In that manner thou canst prove Stile is no better rider than thee . ”
“ She can ’ t ride the unicorn ! ” Stile protested .
But the Lady was nodding , and so were the unicorns and werewolves .
All were amenable to this trial , and thought it fair .
Neysa , too , was glancing obliquely at the Lady , quite ready to try her strength .
“ I maintain that anything thou canst ride in thy health , I can ride in mine , ” the Lady informed him .
He could have ridden a unicorn , had he so chosen . ”
( 6 ) Decision 2004 / 4 / EC should therefore be amended accordingly .
Technical specification
Recording Format Video :
Signal Outputs Component ( HD / SD analog )
Video Output : BNC x3 , Y / Pb / Pr , 1.0 Vp-p , 75 ohms
Minimum requirements for sampling by an inspector
Definition and sharpness of the cut-off line for front fog lamps and aiming procedure by means of this cut-off line
Overview of operational periods concerning tests for the stability of photometric performance
Centre of reference
Requirements in case of use of LED module ( s ) or of light-generators
INTRODUCTION
This Regulation applies to front fog lamps , which may incorporate lenses of glass or plastic material .
It incorporates two distinct classes .
The original front fog lamp , class B since inception , has been updated to incorporate the angular coordinate system with an amendment to the values in the relevant photometric table .
With this class , only light sources as specified in Regulation No 37 are allowed .
The class F3 is designed to increase photometric performance .
In particular the beam width and the minimum luminous intensities below the H-H line ( paragraph 6.4.3 ) have been increased whilst controls on the maximum intensity in the foreground are introduced .
Above the H-H line , the intensity of the veiling light is reduced to improve visibility .
Additionally this class may provide adaptive beam patterns where the performance is varied according to the visibility conditions .
The introduction of the class F3 provides for requirements that are amended to be similar to those of a headlamp as follows :
United Aircraft Corporation
The agreement shall be approved by the court ( Article 3 . 53 hereof ) .
Parents of underage children may conclude an agreement on the maintenance of their children also when their divorce is based on other grounds .
If one of the parents does not comply with the agreement on the maintenance of their underage children approved by the court , the other parent shall be have a right to apply to the court for the issuance of the writ of execution .
6 .
If the parents cannot come to an agreement on the issue of parental responsibility , what are the alternative means for solving the conflict without going to court ?
There is not in Lithuania any the alternative means for solving the conflict in the parental responsibility issue .
The parents can their conflict solve only in the court .
If the parents go to court , all issues , including the residence of the child , the visiting / access rights of the parents , maintenance of the minor children and other which are indicated in the application presented to the court , can the judge decide upon relating to the child .
8 .
156 of the Civil Code the father and the mother shall have equal rights and duties in respect of their children .
Parents shall have equal rights and duties by their children irrespective of whether the child was born to a married or unmarried couple , after divorce or judicial nullity of the marriage or separation .
Parents shall have a right and duty to bring up their children ; they shall be responsible for their children ’ s education and development , their health and spiritual and moral guidance .
In performing these duties , parents shall have a priority right over the rights of other persons .
Parents must create conditions for their children to learn during their compulsory school age .
The single custody of one of parent could be only in cases where the parental authority of one of the parents is restricted .
Announcement from Norway concerning Directive 94 / 22 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the conditions for granting and using authorisations for the prospection , exploration and production of hydrocarbons — Announcement of invitation to apply for petroleum production licences on the Norwegian Continental Shelf — Awards in Predefined Areas 2009
Next morning we awoke half frozen by the sharp keen air , but with the light of a splendid sun .
I rose from my granite bed and went out to enjoy the magnificent spectacle that lay unrolled before me .
By an optical law which obtains at all great heights , the shores seemed raised and the centre depressed .
It seemed as if one of Helbesmer 's raised maps lay at my feet .
I could see deep valleys intersecting each other in every direction , precipices like low walls , lakes reduced to ponds , rivers abbreviated into streams .
On my right were numberless glaciers and innumerable peaks , some plumed with feathery clouds of smoke .
The undulating surface of these endless mountains , crested with sheets of snow , reminded one of a stormy sea .
If I looked westward , there the ocean lay spread out in all its magnificence , like a mere continuation of those flock-like summits .
Such checks must include , in addition to an examination of the accounts referred to in Article 6 ( 3 ) , a physical check of the weight and type of products and their identification .
Such physical checks must relate to at least 5 % of the quantity subjected to the unannounced check .
At the end of the contractual storage period , the competent agency shall check to see that the products are present .
However , where the products are still in storage after expiry of the maximum contractual storage period , this check may be made when the products are removed from storage .
For the purposes of the check referred to in the first subparagraph , the contractor shall notify the competent authority , indicating the storage lots concerned , at least five working days before the expiry of the contractual storage period or the start of the removal operations , where these take place during or after the contractual storage period .
The Member State may accept a shorter timelimit than the five working days specified in the second subparagraph .
A report shall be drawn up on the checks carried out pursuant to paragraphs 1 , 2 and 3 , specifying :
the date of the check ;
its duration ;
The report must be signed by the inspector responsible and countersigned by the contractor or , as the case may be , the person responsible for the storage depot , and must be included in the payment dossier .
In the case of irregularities affecting at least 5 % of the quantities of products checked , the check shall be extended to a larger sample to be determined by the competent authority .
The Member States shall notify such cases to the Commission within four weeks .
Member States may provide that the costs of checks are to be fully or in part charged to the contractor .
Article 8
Storage aid
This appropriation is intended to contribute to Chapters 1 and 5 of the budget of the European School in Frankfurt am Main .
Karlsruhe ( DE )
Figures ( Non-differentiated appropriations )
Remarks
This appropriation is intended to contribute to Chapters 1 and 5 of the budget of the European School in Karlsruhe .
Munich ( DE )
Figures ( Non-differentiated appropriations )
Remarks
This appropriation is intended to contribute to Chapters 1 and 5 of the budget of the European School in Munich .
Alicante ( ES )
Figures ( Non-differentiated appropriations )
Remarks
This appropriation is intended to contribute to Chapters 1 and 5 of the budget of the European School in Alicante .
Varese ( IT )
Figures ( Non-differentiated appropriations )
This does not preclude the agent from carrying out the transport service , provided that the costs are covered by the principal ;
does not maintain at its own cost or risk stocks of the contract goods , including the costs of financing the stocks and the costs of loss of stocks and can return unsold goods to the principal without charge , unless the agent is liable for fault ( for example , by failing to comply with reasonable security measures to avoid loss of stocks ) ;
does not undertake responsibility towards third parties for damage caused by the product sold ( product liability ) , unless , as agent , it is liable for fault in this respect ;
does not take responsibility for customers ' non-performance of the contract , with the exception of the loss of the agent 's commission , unless the agent is liable for fault ( for example , by failing to comply with reasonable security or anti-theft measures or failing to comply with reasonable measures to report theft to the principal or police or to communicate to the principal all necessary information available to him on the customer 's financial reliability ) ;
is not , directly or indirectly , obliged to invest in sales promotion , such as contributions to the advertising budgets of the principal ;
does not make market-specific investments in equipment , premises or training of personnel , such as for example the petrol storage tank in the case of petrol retailing or specific software to sell insurance policies in case of insurance agents , unless these costs are fully reimbursed by the principal ;
does not undertake other activities within the same product market required by the principal , unless these activities are fully reimbursed by the principal .
This list is not exhaustive .
However , where the agent incurs one or more of the risks or costs mentioned in paragraphs ( 14 ) , ( 15 ) and ( 16 ) , the agreement between agent and principal will not be qualified as an agency agreement .
The question of risk must be assessed on a case-by-case basis , and with regard to the economic reality of the situation rather than the legal form .
For practical reasons , the risk analysis may start with the assessment of the contract-specific risks .
On the contrary , if the agent does not incur contract-specific risks , then it will be necessary to continue further the analysis by assessing the risks related to market-specific investments .
Finally , if the agent does not incur any contract-specific risks and risks related to market-specific investments , the risks related to other required activities within the same product market may have to be considered .
The application of Article 101 ( 1 ) to agency agreements
In the case of agency agreements as defined in section 2.1 , the selling or purchasing function of the agent forms part of the principal 's activities .
" Of course something 's broken , " Arden wheezed .
" My goddamn shoulder .
Twenty years on the force and not one injury .
building regional integrated markets ;
supporting business development ;
connecting regional infrastructure networks ;
developing regional policies for sustainable development .
making the most of EU tools by strengthening political dialogue at global , regional and national level while systematically supporting the creation or reinforcement of regional civil society .
General remarks
The EESC has examined the question of the regional economic integration of the ACP countries on a number of occasions .
The matter was the central topic of three regional seminars it organised ( Yaoundé in May 2003 , Fiji in October 2004 , and Bamako in February 2006 ) and has been the subject of two opinions .
The creation of real common markets in Africa , the Caribbean and the Pacific would have to be accelerated .
If they were better organised in this regard , these countries would be more able to defend their own social and economic interests in the face of globalisation .
In keeping with its earlier thoughts and positions taken , the Economic and Social Committee welcomes the Communication and all the ways forward it proposes .
Sounds very significant without actually tying you down to meaning anything at all .
How many roads must a man walk down ?
Excellent , excellent , that 'll fox ' em .
Frankie baby , we are made ! "
Near them on the floor lay several rather ugly men who had been hit about the head with some heavy design awards .
Bin 10
RITech Settings
High
Auxiliary Tray
Econo
Refine
Offset
Time periods that are expressed in months or in years expire at the end of the day in the last month or year that corresponds in number to the day on which the time period started to run .
If that number of day does not exist in the last month , the time period ends on the last day of that month ( Article 111 / 3 of the ZPP ) .
Are there any exceptions or particularities that apply to starting points for time limits in certain civil procedures ?
No .
6 .
If the period expires on a Saturday , Sunday or a public holiday or non-working day , is it extended until the first following working day ?
Is this extension applicable even when the period in question has a future event as a starting point ?
7 .
When the request is taken to a court which has its seat on the mainland territory of the Member State ( in the case of Member States that comprise entities apart from the mainland territory or have geographically separate entities ) , are deadlines extended for persons who live / reside in one of these entities or for those who live / reside abroad ?
Slovenia is a state with a single territory that does not include geographically separate entities .
Judicial authority ( jurisdiction ) applies uniformly throughout the territory of the country .
Consequently , there are no particularities concerning time periods in this respect .
8 .
Conversely , when the request is taken to a court which has its seat in one of the entities which are geographically distinct from the mainland , are deadlines extended for persons who live / reside in one of these entities or for those who live / reside abroad ?
Slovenia is a state with a single territory that does not include geographically separate entities .
The wizard was interrupted before [ ProductName ] could be completely installed .
Your system has not been modified .
To install this program at a later time , please run the installation again .
Click Finish to exit the wizard .
Click Restore or Continue Later to exit the wizard .
InstallShield Wizard Completed
The InstallShield Wizard has successfully installed [ ProductName ] .
Click Finish to exit the wizard .
The InstallShield Wizard has successfully uninstalled [ ProductName ] .
Click Finish to exit the wizard .
Welcome to the InstallShield Wizard for [ ProductName ]
Uninstalling [ ProductName ]
) Hidden for now ) Estimated time remaining :
( Hidden for now ) Sec .
Resuming the InstallShield Wizard for [ ProductName ]
Suddenly , to one side , two floors below , movement caught his eye .
A window opened inward .
Havlíčková , Michaela
Hávová , Dana
Hayler , Duncan
Hein , Richard
Ngo , who would shortly be an American citizen , was still watching the great American quadrennial ritual : Old Bums Exit There , New Bums Enter Here .
After a long time he slept .
And dreamed of the laughing tiger .
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO Herb Smith took Charlene MacKenzie as his second wife on the afternoon of January 2 , 1977 , just as planned .
The ceremony took place in the Congregational Church at Southwest Bend .
The bride 's father , an eighty-year-old gentleman who was almost blind , gave her away .
Johnny stood up with his dad and produced the ring flawlessly at the proper moment .
It was a lovely occasion .
Sarah Hazlett attended with her husband and their son , who was leaving his babyhood behind now .
Sarah was pregnant and radiant , a picture of happiness and fulfilment .
Looking at her , Johnny was surprised by a stab of bitter jealousy like an unexpected attack of gas .
After a few moments it went away , and Johnny went over and spoke to them at the reception following the wedding .
It was the first time he had met Sarah 's husband .
He was a tall , good-looking man with a pencil-line moustache and prematurely graying hair .
His canvass for the Maine state senate had been successful , and he held forth on what the national elections had really meant , and the difficulties of working with an independent governor , while Denny pulled at the leg of his trousers and demanded more drink , Daddy , more drink , more-drink !
If , after the case has been heard on the merits , you have obtained an enforceable final judgment , you can have the precautionary attachment converted into an execution order .
2 .
Interim measures In other urgent situations , purely precautionary measures will not always be enough .
The court may therefore order certain interim measures having similar effects to the expected judgment on the merits .
The final judgment may confirm or revoke these interim measures .
Like precautionary measures , interim measures are taken before judgment is given on the merits , which distinguishes them from provisional execution .
3 .
Provisional execution You have had judgment given for you but there is still the possibility of an appeal or challenge .
You wish to have the judgment enforced immediately as you are afraid that your debtor might appeal simply in order to delay the proceedings .
In many such cases the court will order provisional execution of the judgment .
Certain requirements may be imposed , depending on the country ( urgency , security given by the creditor , principle of adversarial proceedings , claim not open to challenge although the judgment can still be appealed against , etc . ) .
A comparison of national legislation shows that there is an almost total absence of any definition of interim and precautionary measures and that legal systems differ rather widely .
The gap between Member States widens further where the measures are liable to make proceedings on the merits superfluous and assist in circumventing the normal rules of jurisdiction .
The powers of courts hearing applications for provisional enforcement are also very different - some Member States refuse to allow any decision that might anticipate the final outcome .
There are quite substantial differences in the conditions for ordering these measures .
Roudnice nad Labem .
yes
Anyway , I had just about convinced myself that Monat and I should let them take over .
We 'd retire and then we 'd run them out when you came back from the grailstone .
That was the smart thing to do .
But when I recognized Sharkko , I got so mad !
I said , grinning , " Gee , it 's really great to see your face after all these years .
Especially here where there are no cops or courts !
" `And I hit him right in the nose !
Monat and I rushed the others , and I kicked one , and then another hit me on the cheek with his grail .
I was knocked silly , but Monat knocked one out with the butt of his spear and cracked the ribs of another ; he 's skinny but he 's awful fast , and what he doesn 't know about self-defense - or offense !
Sharkko got up then and I hit with my other fist but only a glancing blow along his jaw .
It hurt my fist more than it hurt his jaw .
He spun around and took off , and I went after him .
I chased Sharkko up the next hill and caught him on the downslope and punched him but good !
He crawled away , begging for mercy , which I gave him with a kick in the rear that rolled him howling all the way down the hill.'
Frigate was still shaking with reaction , but he was pleased .
I think we all knew that upon the outcome of this battle would hinge for ever the relative positions of these two races upon Barsoom .
With Carthoris at my side I fought for the red men of Barsoom and for their total emancipation from the throttling bondage of a hideous superstition .
" Men of the First Born , look ! "
Bullshit or not ?
You be the judge , here on this station .
The safety and efficacy of Thelin were first tested in experimental models before being studied in humans .
Three main studies were carried out in 523 patients .
Doses of 50 mg , 100 mg and 300 mg of sitaxentan sodium were compared with placebo ( dummy treatment ) .
The effectiveness was studied by measuring the distance the patients could walk in 6 minutes after at least 12 weeks of treatment .
What benefit has Thelin shown during the studies ?
Patients could walk significantly further after treatment with Thelin .
Before treatment with 100 mg sitaxentan sodium the average walking distance was between 343 and 394 metres , and this increased by about 33 metres after treatment .
This is not a large increase but it is a significant improvement .
The studies demonstrated that the 50 mg dose did not have a relevant benefit and the 300 mg dose did not show better efficacy than the 100 mg dose .
What is the risk associated with Thelin ?
The most common side effect ( seen in more than 1 patient in 10 ) is headache .
Other common side effects ( between 1 and 10 patients in 100 ) are peripheral oedema ( swelling of arms and legs ) , and nasal congestion ( blocked nose ) .
For the full list of all side effects reported with Thelin , see the Package Leaflet .
Thelin should not be used in people who may be hypersensitive ( allergic ) to sitaxentan sodium or any of the other ingredients , who have a serious liver problem or raised levels of some liver enzymes .
The patient s liver function should be monitored before and during the treatment .
Ailene , Roy Cohn .
What kind of greeting is that ?
I thought we were friends .
Here , eat a little something .
What is this ?
Tasty sandwich here ?
I already told you , it wasn 't a vacation , it was business .
I have clients in Haiti .
Listen , Ailene , you think I 'm the only lawyer in history who ever missed a court date ?
Don 't make such a big fuck Hold .
You hag .
Fuck , wait .
Hello ?
Sorry to keep you holding , Judge Hollins , I just Mrs. Hollins ?
Sorry , dear .
For each operational programme , the Member State appoints : a managing authority ( a national , regional or local public authority or public / private body to manage the operational programme ) ; a certification body ( a national , regional or local public authority or body to certify the statement of expenditure and the payment applications before their transmission to the Commission ) ; an auditing body ( a national , regional or local public authority or body for each operational programme to oversee the efficient running of the management and monitoring system ) .
New rules to simplify the financial management of the funds One programme = one fund From this , the ERDF and the ESF can each finance in a complementary and limited fashion actions falling within the scope of the assistance of another fund ( this is limited to no more than 10 % of the resources allocated by the Community to each priority area of an operational programme )
The exception to this rule is that the ERDF and the Cohesion Fund intervene jointly for programmes covering infrastructure and environment .
Commitments Budgetary commitments relating to the operational programmes are made per annual proportion , for each fund and each objective .
The Commission commits the first annual proportion before the adoption of the operational programme .
Afterwards , it commits the proportions by 30 April of each year , at the latest .
Automatic decommitment :
A portion of the budgetary commitment is automatically decommitted by the Commission if it has not been used or if no payment application has been received by the end of the second year following that of the budgetary commitment ( n + 2 )
For Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Greece , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia and Slovakia , the deadline is set for the end of the third year ( n + 3 ) between 2007 and 2010 , under their operational programmes .
Conditions for financing :
Lisbon " targeting " :
From now onwards the funds must target the priorities of the European Union regarding the promotion of competitiveness and job creation ( Lisbon strategy ) .
The Commission and the Member States oversee that 60 % of the expenditure of all Member States for Convergence and 75 % of the expenditure for Competitiveness and Employment target these priorities .
Click here ( PDF , 79KB ) to view the categories of expenditure .
If the prior authorisation of a judge is required , the claim must be “ founded in principle ” .
For precautionary measures , there is no express requirement of urgency .
it was not issued at the time of exportation because of errors or involuntary omissions or special circumstances ;
or
it is demonstrated to the satisfaction of the customs authorities that a movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED was issued but was not accepted at importation for technical reasons .
Notwithstanding Article 17 ( 9 ) , a movement certificate EUR-MED may be issued after exportation of the products to which it relates and for which a movement certificate EUR.1 was issued at the time of exportation , provided that it is demonstrated to the satisfaction of the customs authorities that the conditions referred to in Article 17 ( 5 ) are satisfied .
For the implementation of paragraphs 1 and 2 , the exporter shall indicate in his application the place and date of exportation of the products to which the movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED relates , and state the reasons for his request .
The customs authorities may issue a movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED retrospectively only after verifying that the information supplied in the exporter 's application complies with that in the corresponding file .
Movement certificates EUR.1 or EUR-MED issued retrospectively shall be endorsed with the following phrase in English :
Movement certificates EUR-MED issued retrospectively by application of paragraph 2 shall be endorsed with the following phrase in English :
ISSUED RETROSPECTIVELY ( Original EUR.1 no … ( date and place of issue ) .
The endorsement referred to in paragraph 5 shall be inserted in Box 7 of the movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED .
Article 19
Issue of a duplicate movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED
In the event of theft , loss or destruction of a movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED , the exporter may apply to the customs authorities which issued it for a duplicate made out on the basis of the export documents in their possession .
The duplicate issued in this way shall be endorsed with the following word in English :
The endorsement referred to in paragraph 2 shall be inserted in Box 7 of the duplicate movement certificate EUR.1 or EUR-MED .
The main sources of Community financing for trans-European transport infrastructure projects are TEN-T , the Structural Funds ( SFs ) , in particular the European Regional Development Fund ( ERDF ) , and the Cohesion Fund ( CF ) .
The co-financing rate for individual projects via the ERDF is between 75 and 85 % of total eligible costs while the CF contributes up to 85 % of eligible expenditure .
In contrast , the Community contribution from the TEN-T budget heading is limited to 10 % of the overall total investment cost of a project regardless of the form of intervention chosen , except for some projects where the contribution can reach 20 % ( see paragraph 17 ) .
Incomplete legal provisions relating to multiple financing
The legal bases governing ERDF do not include explicit provisions for the case of simultaneous funding from an SF and other EU funding programmes .
As far as the CF is concerned , the question of duplication and overlapping is addressed by Article 9 of Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1164 / 94 establishing a CF stating that The combined assistance of the Fund and other Community aid for a project shall not exceed 90 % of the total expenditure relating to that project .
Since the maximum rate of assistance granted by the CF alone is 80 to 85 % of public or equivalent expenditure , there is a margin of 5 to 10 % left for other Community aid , such as TEN-T .
The TEN financial regulation specifies in Article 5 ( 4 ) that The financial resources provided for under this regulation shall not , in principle , be assigned to projects or stages of projects which benefit from other sources of Community funding .
By using the wording in principle the regulation does not exclude co-financing of a TEN-T project by two or more sources of Community funding .
There are no further provisions in the TEN financial regulation clarifying the use of multiple funding sources .
The funding of a transport project by different EU funding programmes entails the risk of over- or double-funding of the same project or project section by different Community funding sources .
In addition , this risk also exists if due to a combination of funding from the TEN-T programme and :
the CF : the 90 % threshold of the CF is exceeded ,
the ERDF ( or the CF ) : more than 100 % of eligible costs are funded , which would result in either the Member State or the project promoter making a profit from the Community budget .
This risk , however , is limited to the case of studies , which may receive up to 50 % of their total cost from the TEN-T programme .
Canadian Geographical Names ( Popularity : )
EUROPA - Policy areas of the European Union EUROPA - Gateway to the European Union You are in the principal navigation of the site Home About the EU Policies and activities Policy areas Funding and grants Tenders and contracts Your life in the EU Take part !
Publications and documents Media centre Quick links for …
Following the entry into force of a new EU treaty , the content of this page is under revision .
Policy areas of the European Union The EU is active in a wide range of policy areas , from human rights to transport and trade .
Click on a policy title below for a summary of what the EU does in that area , and for useful links to relevant bodies , laws and documents .
Agriculture Audiovisual and media Budget Competition Consumers Culture Customs Development and Cooperation Economic and monetary affairs Education , training , youth Employment and social affairs Energy Enlargement Enterprise Environment External relations Fight against fraud Food safety Foreign and security policy Humanitarian aid Human rights Information society Institutional affairs Internal market Justice , freedom and security Maritime affairs and fisheries Multilingualism Public health Regional policy Research and innovation Sport Taxation Trade Transport See also Institutions and bodies of the European Union Booklets on various EU policies Help us to shape EU policy – online consultations Hands holding a globe , with EU logo © EC Popular links Climate Action Annual report on EU activities
For
Against
Abstention
Hennis-Plasschaert report A6-0284 / 2009
Legislative resolution
For : 398
Alvaro , Andrejevs , Attwooll , Beaupuy , Bowles , Budreikaitė , Busk , Bușoi , Cavada , Chatzimarkakis , Ciani , Csibi , Davies , Deprez , De Sarnez , Dičkutė , Drčar Murko , Duff , Ferrari , Fourtou , Gentvilas , Gibault , Griesbeck , Hennis-Plasschaert , in ' t Veld , Juknevičienė , Kazak , Krahmer , Lambsdorff , Laperrouze , Lax , Lebech , Lehideux , Ludford , Lynne , Maaten , Manders , Mănescu , Matsakis , Morillon , Mulder , Newton Dunn , Neyts-Uyttebroeck , Onyszkiewicz , Oviir , Panayotov , Piskorski , Pohjamo , Raeva , Ries , Riis-Jørgensen , Savi , Schuth , Staniszewska , Starkevičiūtė , Sterckx , Szent-Iványi , Vălean , Van Hecke , Virrankoski , Wallis , Watson , Weber Renate , Wielowieyski
Against : 56
Abstention : 65
Corrections to votes and voting intentions
For
Abstention
Popa report A6-0283 / 2009
Amended proposal
For : 497
having regard to the outcome statement of the Heads of State and Government on the MDGs at the 60th session of the United Nations General Assembly in September 2005 , which underlines the important role of local authorities in contributing to the achievement of [ ... ] the Millennium Development Goals ,
having regard to report A / 59 / 354 of the Secretary-General of the United Nations , submitted to the 59th session of the United Nations General Assembly on 13 September 2004 , which recognises the role of local authorities and global networks of local authorities , most notably the United Cities and Local Governments ( UCLG ) , as one of the UN 's main partners in development and humanitarian issues at local level ,
having regard to the Final Declaration of the ministers and representatives of governments at the Fourth World Water Forum held in Mexico between16 and 22 March 2006 , which states that efficient collaboration with local authorities is a key factor in meeting water-related challenges and MDGs ,
having regard to the Declaration of the World Summit on Sustainable Development , held in Johannesburg between 26 August and 4 September 2002 , which states that the role and capacities of local authorities must be strengthened to ensure sustainable development ,
having regard to the Final Declaration of the Second United Nations Conference on Human Settlement ( Habitat II ) , held in Istanbul between 3 and 15 June 1996 , which recognises that local authorities are closest partners of States in the implementation of the United Nations Agenda on human settlements ,
having regard to the Declaration on Environment and Development adopted at the Second Earth Summit , held in Rio de Janeiro between 3 and 14 June 1992 , which stresses the key role of local authorities in the implementation of Agenda 21 , adopted by the signatories of the abovementioned declaration ,
having regard to the Final Declaration of the General Assembly of the Council of European Municipalities and Regions ( CEMR ) , held in Innsbruck between 10 and 12 May 2006 , and the chapter entitled From Local to Global , which stresses the role of Europe and local authorities in the world ,
having regard to Rule 45 of its Rules of Procedure ,
having regard to the report of the Committee on Development ( A6-0039 / 2007 ) ,
The expertise and added value of local authorities in development cooperation
whereas at the present rate it would take 110 years to achieve the MDGs set for 2015 and whereas the experience of local authorities in a wide variety of development-related areas , such as water management , the fight against AIDS , gender policy , waste management , social cohesion and local economic development , should be recognised by the EU as a necessary contribution to the achievement of MDGs ,
whereas every child has the right to be enrolled in a registry office at birth and an essential role is played by local authorities in this matter and there is a direct connection between this practice and the application of the relevant human rights standards protecting children from exploitation through work ,
whereas good governance is one of the EU 's priority objectives and whereas local democracy and decentralisation lie at the very heart of democratic governance under the above-mentioned European Consensus on Development ,
whereas , in 20 years ' time , 60 % of the world 's population will live in towns and cities and whereas towns and cities will , as a result , have a major role to play in improving the living conditions of the poorest sections of the population ,
whereas local authorities around the world acquire experience through :
Look at me .
No more pain .
All the career pressure , the hopelessness , gone .
In many cultures , there 's no stigma attached to taking one 's life .
Suicide 's respected , even revered as a matter of personal conscience .
How do most people do it ?
But they 're entirely unreliable .
The truly courageous of heart use guns .
You took women who trusted you at their weakest possible moment , and rather than help them , you suggested they end it all .
God , you even gave them permission to use a gun .
You 're a mean one , Mr. Shrink .
Create their drug addiction , pull them off , then fill their addled heads with noble thoughts of suicide .
I think I 've had a breakthrough in therapy .
Okay , just , I wanted to see you .
Article 14
Information obligation
A producer or user of a food enzyme shall inform the Commission immediately of any new scientific or technical information which might affect the assessment of the safety of the food enzyme .
For a food enzyme already approved under this Regulation which is prepared by production methods or using starting materials significantly different from those included in the risk assessment of the European Food Safety Authority ( hereinafter referred to as the Authority ) , a producer or user shall , before marketing the food enzyme , submit to the Commission the necessary data to allow an evaluation of the food enzyme with regard to the modified production method or characteristics to be undertaken by the Authority .
A producer or user of a food enzyme shall , at the request of the Commission , inform it of the actual use of the food enzyme .
Such information shall be made available to Member States by the Commission .
Article 15
Committee
The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health .
Where reference is made to this paragraph , Articles 5 and 7 of Decision 1999 / 468 / EC shall apply , having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof .
The period laid down in Article 5 ( 6 ) of Decision 1999 / 468 / EC shall be set at three months .
Where reference is made to this paragraph , Article 5a ( 1 ) to ( 4 ) and Article 7 of Decision 1999 / 468 / EC shall apply , having regard to the provisions of Article 8 thereof .
Article 16
Community financing of harmonised policies
The legal basis for the financing of measures resulting from this Regulation shall be Article 66 ( 1 ) ( c ) of Regulation ( EC ) No 882 / 2004 .
Kaunas County
Most likely a victim himself .
Childhood abuse or trauma .
I suppose his anger towards women stems from his relationship with his mother .
So uh , why the letters and the phone calls ?
This is a very disturbed individual .
I believe he wants to be caught .
He wants help and until he gets it , his violent tendencies will only become stronger .
Say you will hunt with me .
Hunt men ?
Say you will hunt with me !
No !
What do you think I am ?
Thank you for coming .
After extensive study by expert criminal investigators , may not be the killer that we are seeking .
If he really did kill Mary Boucher , Michael Newman , and Gale Lewinson then he must provide the police with more definite proof .
'Myria ...
Myria , ' said Susan , speaking only some of her thoughts aloud .
'From the Ephebian word myrios , meaning " innumerable " .
'And there is safety in numbers .
I am sorry.'
'Let 's try the back room- Are you all right ? '
'I am fine , I am fine ... ' murmured Lady LeJean , swaying .
'We ... I ... know about will-power .
At least , so I tell myself .
And it must be true !
The mind can overrule the body !
Otherwise , what is it for ? '
The magician 's cave ... '
'Magic ?
They use magic here ? '
kategória A , akostná trieda R3
04 / 12 / 08 20 : 56 PM List of registered competitors can be found under link Entries in the menu .
The list is sorted according to classes or clubs and is going to be updated regularly .
Entry Forms
More information can be found in bulletin .
Precedents , principles and methods used to design the maintenance of the vehicle .
Utilisation profile ( Limits of the normal utilisation of the vehicle ( e.g. km / month , climatic limits , authorised types of loads etc . ) taken into account for the design of the maintenance ) .
Tests , investigations , calculations carried out .
Relevant data used to design the maintenance and origin of these data ( return of experience , tests … ) .
Responsibility and traceability of the design process ( name , skills and position of the author and approver of each document ) .
Resources needed for the maintenance ( e.g. required time for inspections , replacement of parts , life time of components etc . )
Maintenance plan
List , schedule and criteria of all planned preventative maintenance operations ,
List and criteria of conditional preventative maintenance operations ,
List of relevant corrective maintenance operations ,
Maintenance operations depending on specific conditions of use .
For each maintenance operation listed in the maintenance plan , the manual explains the list of the tasks to be carried out .
Where maintenance tasks are common to different operations or common to different vehicles it is permissible to explain them in specific maintenance leaflets .
The manuals and leaflets shall contain the following information :
Specific tools and facilities including service software
Regions eligible for transitional assistance under the Competitiveness and Employment objective :
Problém je v tom , že lidé se vyvíjeli jinak , ti , co zůstali zde , i ti , co odešli .
A v tom je to hlavní nedorozumění .
Přesto takové případy jsou a nedávno jsme se o tom mohli přesvědčit na setkání Mezinárodního českého klubu na Lipnici , kde se o reemigraci mluvilo .
Probably helped I had the hiccups .
I have to get back to the table .
Hey , Sally , this door 's locked .
It is ?
It 's locked from the inside .
Oh , no .
What are we gonna do ?
There 's no other way down .
Well , we 'll have to climb down .
What do you think I am ?
No . I never actually came up here with anybody but you .
Oh , my God .
What a predicament !
And that 's exactly how it happened .
No matter how hard they tried Roger and Sally could not get back in .
" Cyradis , " Beldin sighed , " why must you always complicate things ? "
' ' It is one of my few delights , gentle Beldin .
A second glance back , but buildings had come between him and the woman and her bought-boy Sjekso .
Well , he had hired to stranger folk and no few worse to look on .
He gave a twitch of his shoulders at that proceedings back there and shrugged it off .
His gallantry had come from his own poverty , from one look at the woman 's fine clothing and a sure knowledge that Sjekso Kinzan was all hollow when pushed .
And for that gold in his hand he would have waited in the alley all night , or beaten Sjekso to fine rags , no questions asked .
It occurred to him while he went that it might involve more than that , but he went , all the same .
Organizing information in this way enables you to easily update sections needing frequent revision and also helps readers quickly find the information they desire .
Using graphics and photos can add vitality to your site .
But keep in mind they require significantly more memory than text , which means they will take longer to download .
When you ’ ve finished creating your site , run the Design Checker to make sure the site downloads quickly and to catch problems with page design .
Describe your location by landmark or area of town .
Describe your location by landmark or area of town .
Describe your location by landmark or area of town .
Address Line 1 Address Line 2 Address Line 3 Address Line 4
Tel : 555 555 5555 Fax : 555 555 5555 E-mail : name e-mail.com
Address Line 1 Address Line 2 Address Line 3 Address Line 4
Address Line 1 Address Line 2 Address Line 3 Address Line 4
Tel : 555 555 5555 Fax : 555 555 5555 E-mail : name e-mail.com
Tel : 555 555 5555 Fax : 555 555 5555 E-mail : name e-mail.com
Tel : 555 555 5555 Fax : 555 555 5555 E-mail : name e-mail.com
Address Line 1 Address Line 2 Address Line 3 Address Line 4
To this end , the competent authorities concerned shall cooperate , as necessary , in the recovery or disposal of the waste .
If no new notification is to be submitted , a new movement document shall be completed in accordance with Article 15 or 16 by the person responsible for take-back or , if impracticable , by the initial competent authority of dispatch .
If a new notification is submitted by the initial competent authority of dispatch , a new financial guarantee or equivalent insurance shall not be required .
In particular in cases where responsibility for the illegal shipment cannot be imputed to either the notifier or the consignee , the competent authorities concerned shall cooperate to ensure that the waste in question is recovered or disposed of .
In the cases of interim recovery or disposal referred to in Article 6 ( 6 ) where an illegal shipment is discovered after completion of the interim recovery or disposal operation , the subsidiary obligation of the country of dispatch to take the waste back or arrange for alternative recovery or disposal shall end when the consignee has issued the certificate referred to in Article 15 ( d ) .
If a consignee issues a certificate of recovery or disposal in such a way as to result in an illegal shipment , with the consequence that the financial guarantee is released , paragraph 3 and Article 24 ( 2 ) shall apply .
Where the waste of an illegal shipment is discovered within a Member State , the competent authority with jurisdiction over the area where the waste was discovered shall be responsible for ensuring that arrangements are made for the safe storage of the waste pending its return or non-interim recovery or disposal in an alternative way .
Articles 33 and 35 shall not apply in cases where illegal shipments are returned to the country of dispatch and that country of dispatch is a country covered by the prohibitions set out in those Articles .
In the case of an illegal shipment as defined in Article 2 ( 35 ) ( g ) , the person who arranges the shipment shall be subject to the same obligations established in this Article as the notifier .
This Article shall be without prejudice to Community and national provisions concerning liability .
Article 24
Costs for take-back when a shipment is illegal
Costs arising from the take-back of waste of an illegal shipment , including costs of its transport , recovery or disposal pursuant to Article 23 ( 2 ) and , from the date on which the competent authority of dispatch becomes aware that a shipment is illegal , storage costs pursuant to Article 23 ( 7 ) , shall be charged to :
the notifier de facto , as identified in accordance with the ranking established in of Article 2 ( 15 ) ; or , if no notification has been submitted ,
the notifier de jure or other natural or legal persons as appropriate ; or , if impracticable ,
But I can 't do anything about your backside .
An advance .
Now , what is it this week- racquetball courts ?
Quercus robur
If necessary , the court can restrict access or even deny it altogether .
If a claim for maintenance is affirmed legally the court must take due account of the actual circumstances of the individual case when calculating the amount of maintenance .
In this case both the child ’ s reasonable need for maintenance and the ability to pay by the parent obliged to do so are decisive .
8 .
If the court decides that one parent shall have single custody of a child , does this mean that he or she can decide on all matters relating to the child without first consulting the other parent ?
Natural parents who do not have custody have certain rights of communication .
This relates , for example , to access rights ( see response to 7 ) .
A parent who does not have custody is entitled to be informed of important matters by the other parent so that they can watch their child growing up .
Such important matters include illnesses , taking part in the child ’ s educational successes , the successful completion of occupational training , as well as language holidays abroad and other lengthy absences from home .
A change of home – either within the country or abroad – is also possible without the consent of a parent who does not have custody , provided he or she is notified .
Such notification must be provided in time for the parent who does not have custody to comment on the plan .
The courts must take note of such comments if the wishes they express better reflect the interests of the child .
If the parent with custody persistently fails to fulfil their duty to tolerate and support access or their duty to provide information , the court may , on application ( or if the child ’ s welfare is threatened ) , make suitable provisions .
Conversely , the court may also restrict access and the right to information or remove them altogether if the child ’ s welfare might be threatened by the exercising of those rights .
9 .
Convert ...
% 1 Linked % 2 Object
% 1 % 2 Object
Linked % s Object
% s Object
Linked % s
Inserts the contents of the clipboard into your document as % s .
Inserts a shortcut which points to the location of the clipboard contents .
The shortcut is linked to the source file so that changes to the file will be reflected in your document .
Inserts the contents of the clipboard into your document .
Unknown Source
A linked object must be converted at the source .
Permanently changes the selected % 1 object to a % 2 object .
The selected % s object will not be converted .
It will be displayed as an icon .
How quickly they forget where this all comes from .
Taiwan .
That 's enough , young lady .
Would you like a drink ?
Impartial ?
Docetaxel did not influence the binding of digitoxin .
The pharmacokinetics of docetaxel , doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide were not influenced by their coadministration .
Limited data from a single uncontrolled study were suggestive of an interaction between docetaxel and carboplatin .
When combined to docetaxel , the clearance of carboplatin was about 50 % higher than values previously reported for carboplatin monotherapy .
Docetaxel pharmacokinetics in the presence of prednisone was studied in patients with metastatic prostate cancer .
Docetaxel is metabolised by CYP3A4 and prednisone is known to induce CYP3A4 .
No statistically significant effect of prednisone on the pharmacokinetics of docetaxel was observed .
Docetaxel should be administered with caution in patients concomitantly receiving potent CYP3A4 inhibitors ( e. g. protease inhibitors like ritonavir , azole antifungals like ketoconazole or itraconazole ) .
A drug interaction study performed in patients receiving ketoconazole and docetaxel showed that the clearance of docetaxel was reduced by half by ketoconazole , probably because the metabolism of docetaxel involves CYP3A4 as a major ( single ) metabolic pathway .
Reduced tolerance of docetaxel may occur , even at lower doses .
4.6 Pregnancy and lactation There is no information on the use of docetaxel in pregnant women .
Docetaxel has been shown to be both embryotoxic and foetotoxic in rabbits and rats , and to reduce fertility in rats .
As with other cytotoxic medicinal products , docetaxel may cause foetal harm when administered to pregnant women .
Therefore , docetaxel must not be used during pregnancy .
Women of childbearing age receiving docetaxel should be advised to avoid becoming pregnant , and to inform the treating physician immediately should this occur .
University of Wisconsin – Milwaukee
other players ...
You must lead the 2 of Clubs on the first trick .
You can 't lead Hearts until a point card has been played .
Please choose another card .
You can 't play a point card on the first trick .
Please choose another card .
Please select three cards to pass .
Please select one card to play .
% 1 is unable to start .
Close some other programs and try again , or try reinstalling % 1 using Add / Remove Programs in the Control Panel .
Internet Games
Multiplayer Spades , Backgammon , Hearts , Checkers , and Reversi
Internet Hearts
Internet Backgammon
Internet Reversi
List of political parties in Moldova
Article 18 The institutions of the Union shall , for the purpose of applying this Protocol , cooperate with the responsible authorities of the Member States concerned .
Article 19 Articles 11 to 14 and Article 17 shall apply to members of the Commission .
Article 20 Articles 11 to 14 and Article 17 shall apply to the Judges , the Advocates-General , the Registrars and the Assistant Rapporteurs of the Court of Justice of the European Union , without prejudice to the provisions of Article 3 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union concerning immunity from legal proceedings of Judges and Advocates-General .
Articles 11 to 14 and Article 17 shall also apply to the members of the Court of Auditors .
Article 21 This Protocol shall also apply to the European Central Bank , to the members of its organs and to its staff , without prejudice to the Protocol on the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank .
The European Central Bank shall , in addition , be exempt from any form of taxation or imposition of a like nature on the occasion of any increase in its capital and from the various formalities which may be connected therewith in the State where the Bank has its seat .
The activities of the Bank and of its organs carried on in accordance with the Statute of the European System of Central Banks and of the European Central Bank shall not be subject to any turnover tax .
Article 22 This Protocol shall also apply to the European Investment Bank , to the members of its organs , to its staff and to the representatives of the Member States taking part in its activities , without prejudice to the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank .
The European Investment Bank shall in addition be exempt from any form of taxation or imposition of a like nature on the occasion of any increase in its capital and from the various formalities which may be connected therewith in the State where the Bank has its seat .
Similarly , its dissolution or liquidation shall not give rise to any imposition .
Finally , the activities of the Bank and of its organs carried on in accordance with its Statute shall not be subject to any turnover tax .
Aichi E16A
And if anyone resists , or tries to run away , all the Emperor has to do is throw open his gray cloak .
Underneath it , his body 's so twisted away from human shape that anyone who sees it will go mad . . . . "
Notice of initiation of a partial interim review of the anti-dumping measures applicable to imports of certain plastic sacks and bags originating in the People 's Republic of China
When an act or a formality has to be carried out within a given period , what is the starting point , ie , the initial moment from which the period runs ( “ terminus a quo ” ) of this act or this formality ?
Can the starting point at which the period runs be affected or modified by the method of transmission or service of documents ( personal service by a bailiff or postal service ) ?
From when does this period begin to run ?
pressure test connection
TA
coupling head , supply line
But ill-fated was mine , and vain is thine ; for my body is marred beyond healing , and I must leave Middle-earth .
ANNEX 1
Joint list of third countries whose citizens are required to have a visa by Member States bound by Regulation ( EC ) No 539 / 2001 , as amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 2414 / 2001 and Regulation ( EC ) No 453 / 2003 .
Joint list of third countries whose citizens are exempted from the visa requirement by Member States bound by Regulation ( EC ) No 539 / 2001 , as amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 2414 / 2001 and Regulation ( EC ) No 453 / 2003 .
Joint list of third countries whose citizens are required to have a visa by Member States bound by Regulation ( EC ) No 539 / 2001 , as amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 2414 / 02001 and Regulation ( EC ) No 453 / 2003
States
AFGHANISTAN
ALBANIA
ALGERIA
ANGOLA
ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA
ARMENIA
AZERBAIJAN
BAHAMAS
BAHRAIN
BANGLADESH
'And who died of blood poisoning ? '
'Yeth , thur .
Hmm .
No , what ?
There is just a flat field .
come , come what 's up ?
Have you been lying here all day ?
Hi DO you want to hear a haiku poem with duks in it ?
No .
Asshole !
This is Marianne .
It 's me .
I am on my way home .
are you coming over ?
Yes ... but is mom home ?
No , it 's only you and me .
The thing to d0- I think , it 's morejust- You have to satisfy yourself , doing what you like to accomplish .
You know , I got it all in this trip .
I 'm stoked with it .
I can live with it .
He 's , like , probably one of the most amazing snowboarders I 've ever met .
He 's so fluid , and he 's a true master ofhis sport .
And I don 't think there 's anything that that guy can 't do on a snowboard .
That was killer , man .
Sick .
You won 't forget that one for a while .
Yup .
This place enlightens you .
You know , it puts you in a good mood .
It-It humbles you .
It hits you with so many different emotions just sitting right here , looking out there that you can 't help leave here and not be a bigger and better person .
If you don 't want it , nothing will change !
GLUMOV : How do you know that ?
An error occurred while processing the last operation .
Error code % 1 The event log may contain additional troubleshooting information .
Some of the objects properties were missing or damaged .
This can occur if the registry entries associated with the item are changed by some other program .
Damaged items must be deleted and re-created .
The item or one of its parent items in the hierarchy has already been deleted .
You entered an invalid file name or path or selected too many files at once .
There is a limit of 256 characters for the combined length of all file names selected .
The % 1 string you entered is too long .
The maximum length is % 2 characters .
Decision of the Board of Appeal : Annulment of the Cancellation Division 's decision and declaration of invalidity of the Community trade mark
Pleas in law : Infringement of Article 7 ( 1 ) ( b ) and ( c ) of Council Regulation No 40 / 94 as the Board of Appeal wrongly considered both the element VISIBLE and the element WHITE as descriptive in relation to toothpaste as well as mouthwash and considered the combination as a whole descriptive and devoid of distinctive character .
Great !
One of the most common types of arc welding is shielded metal arc welding ( SMAW ) , which is also known as manual metal arc welding ( MMA ) or stick welding .
The most common gas welding process is oxyfuel welding , also known as oxyacetylene welding .
Gas welding
The history of joining metals goes back several millennia , with the earliest examples of welding from the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in Europe and the Middle East .
The history of joining metals goes back several millennia , with the earliest examples of welding from the Bronze Age and the Iron Age in Europe and the Middle East .
In the short term all the elements of the European Council 's declaration of 25 March 2004 and the EU action plan on combating terrorism must continue to be implemented in full , notably that enhanced use of Europol and Eurojust should be made and the EU Counter Terrorism Coordinator is encouraged to promote progress .
In this context the European Council recalls its invitation to the Commission to bring forward a proposal for a common EU approach to the use of passengers data for border and aviation security and other law enforcement purposes .
The high level of exchange of information between security services shall be maintained .
Nevertheless it should be improved , taking into account the overall principle of availability as described above in paragraph 2.1 and giving particular consideration to the special circumstances that apply to the working methods of security services , e.g. the need to secure the methods of collecting information , the sources of information and the continued confidentiality of the data after the exchange .
Kolébka české turistiky - Pohorská jednota Radhošť a tradice lyžařského sportu IV .
Article 6
Consultation and remedy
Member States shall ensure that a compulsory procedure for regular consultation between the airport managing body and airport users or the representatives or associations of airport users is established with respect to the operation of the system of airport charges , the level of airport charges and , as appropriate , the quality of service provided .
Such consultation shall take place at least once a year , unless agreed otherwise in the latest consultation .
Where a multi-annual agreement between the airport managing body and the airport users exists , the consultations shall take place as foreseen in such agreement .
Member States shall retain the right to request more frequent consultations .
Member States shall ensure that , wherever possible , changes to the system or the level of airport charges are made in agreement between the airport managing body and the airport users .
To that end , the airport managing body shall submit any proposal to modify the system or the level of airport charges to the airport users , together with the reasons for the proposed changes , no later than four months before they enter into force , unless there are exceptional circumstances which need to be justified to airport users .
The airport managing body shall hold consultations on the proposed changes with the airport users and take their views into account before a decision is taken .
The airport managing body shall normally publish its decision or recommendation no later than two months before its entry into force .
The airport managing body shall justify its decision with regard to the views of the airport users in the event that no agreement on the proposed changes is reached between the airport managing body and the airport users .
Member States shall ensure that in the event of a disagreement over a decision on airport charges taken by the airport managing body , either party may seek the intervention of the independent supervisory authority referred to in Article 11 which shall examine the justifications for the modification of the system or the level of airport charges .
A modification of the system or the level of airport charges decided upon by the airport managing body shall , if brought before the independent supervisory authority , not take effect until that authority has examined the matter .
The independent supervisory authority shall , within four weeks of the matter being brought before it , take an interim decision on the entry into force of the modification of airport charges , unless the final decision can be taken within the same deadline .
A Member State may decide not to apply paragraphs 3 and 4 in relation to changes to the level or the structure of the airport charges at those airports for which :
17 .
Which law is applicable to the parental responsibility procedure when the minor or the parents do not reside in Spain or are of different nationalities ?
« Parental responsibility - General information | Spain - General information »
Last update : 20-10-2006
In view of this situation , the Commission services decided not to apply sampling in the case of the unrelated importers , but to send a questionnaire to the aforementioned importer .
The decision is enforceable by the courts in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure once the deadline for its implementation has passed .
If the deadline is not explicitly stated in the decision , it is enforceable once it becomes legally binding .
If the consumer is not happy with the Financial Arbiter ’ s resolution of the dispute , he can take his case to court .
The financial institution concerned also has the right to do so .
Taking court action , bringing the dispute before an arbitration tribunal , reaching an agreement on an out ‑ of ‑ court settlement and withdrawing the application before the decision becomes legally binding all render the decision null and void .
See above for details on this type of ADR .
If an entrepreneur has a dispute with a bank , he may also use the services of the Financial Arbiter .
10 .
The doors must be operable from either side when workplaces are in use .
10.2 . Doors and in particular sliding doors , where such have to be used , must function as safely as possible for the workers , especially in adverse weather and sea conditions .
“ It is probable , ” said Major Donellan , “ and I will almost admit that it is certain .
Article 9
Fisheries patrol vessels and aircraft
Expenditure related to the purchase and modernisation of vessels and aircraft used for inspection and surveillance of fishing activities by the competent authorities of the Member States , shall qualify within the limits laid down in Annex VIII for a financial contribution of :
50 % of the eligible expenditure incurred by acceding Member States on 1 May 2004,
25 % of the eligible expenditure incurred by other Member States .
Article 10
Reimbursement claims
Claims for reimbursement of expenditure and for payment of advances shall comply with Articles 12 and 13 of , and Annex I , part C to Decision 2004 / 465 / EC .
Article 11
This Decision is addressed to the Member States .
Done at Brussels , 28 December 2004 .
For the Commission
Joe Borg
Member of the Commission
I 'm not a politician .
But you know how to get things done .
You 've kept this fleet functioning all this time .
No .
Thanks , but I can 't allow Tom Zarek to be one heartbeat away from the presidency , Wally .
I need you .
You 've got me , Madam President .
That 's a great question , Playa .
This is how I see it .
We 're facing a situation so unique , so specific that I believe we need not only new leadership but a whole new way of thinking .
Like blowing up a building or two ?
If things weren 't so serious , I 'd say that was funny .
| with
| colleagues ,
| customers ,
| friends ,
| family
Your
| computer
| be
| a
| complete ,
| center
| so
| you
| can
| stay
Windows has finished installing updates for your computer .
Restart Your Computer To Finish Installing
The updates will not be fully installed until you restart your computer .
Restart the computer now ?
Please remind me :
How do you want to be notified when updates are available for your computer ?
To change your notification option , click Back .
You have successfully completed the Automatic Updates Setup Wizard .
Windows has saved your notification option .
Completing the Automatic Updates Setup Wizard
How do you want to be notified when updates are available for your computer ?
Select an option below and click Next :
Notification Settings
Windows recognizes when you are online and uses your Internet connection to search for downloads from the Windows Update Web site .
A message appears on your desktop to let you know when updates are available .
from the Royal Ballet School and
founded her own company -- the Gillian Lynne Dance Company --
met Andrew Lloyd Weber . She 's been responsible for
some of the most successful musical theater
and she 's a multi-millionaire . Somebody else
might have put her on medication and told her
to calm down .
Now , I think ... ( Applause ) What I think it comes to is this :
Al Gore spoke the other night
about ecology , and the revolution that was triggered by Rachel Carson .
I believe our only hope for the future
is to adopt a new conception of human ecology ,
one in which we start to reconstitute our conception
of the richness of human capacity .
Our education system has mined our minds in the way
Run it through TripCo .
This importer would nevertheless still have the possibility to also import from other suppliers not subject to measures .
Furthermore , it appears that around 75 % of this importer 's turnover does not relate to the product concerned .
Considering those elements , it is considered that the negative impact of imposition of measures would be expected to remain relatively limited .
In view of the fact that no other importer claimed any adverse effect resulting from the possible imposition of measures , it can be concluded that importers would overall not be significantly affected .
4 .
It was established that dumped imports highly contributed to the phased plant closure of one company that is part of the Community industry and , in view of the deteriorated situation of the Community industry overall , there is a risk that in the absence of measures , other Community producers will have to close down some production lines or even their whole production facilities and lay-off part of their workforce .
Whilst some negative effects are likely to result in the form of price increases for the users , it is considered that such effect will remain limited .
It should also be considered that it is also in the interest of the users that viable and competitive Community producers remain active on a market that is no longer distorted by unfair trade practices .
When calculating the amount of duty necessary to remove the effects of the injurious dumping , it was considered that any measures should allow the Community industry to cover its costs and obtain a profit before tax that could be reasonably achieved under normal conditions of competition , i.e. in the absence of dumped imports .
It is to be noted that this level of profit was also used for the determination of the injury margin in the framework of the investigation that led to the imposition of the measures currently in place concerning GOES with a width of more than 500 mm .
The necessary price increase was then determined on the basis of a comparison , at the same level of trade , of the weighted average import price , as established for the price undercutting calculations , with the non-injurious price of products sold by the Community industry on the Community market .
The non-injurious price has been obtained by adjusting the sales price of each company composing the Community industry to a break-even point and by adding the above-mentioned profit margin .
Any difference resulting from this comparison was then expressed as a percentage of the total CIF import value .
Definitive duties ( 186 ) In the light of the foregoing , and in accordance with Article 9 ( 4 ) of the basic Regulation , it is considered that definitive anti-dumping measures should be imposed in respect of imports originating in Russia and the USA at the level of the lowest of the dumping and injury margins , in accordance with the lesser duty rule .
Faculty of Commerce ; Marketing departement .
European Commission - European Judicial Network - Applicable law - Cyprus THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10-12-2009 Applicable law - Cyprus This page will soon be available in the language requested .
Please accept our apologies for the delay .
For the moment , the languages available are :
Last update : 10-12-2009
It was Monday , February 6 , 1989 .
ABOUT AN HOUR LATER , the Pontiac sedan pulled to a stop .
Shari shuddered at the sound of an automatic garage door closing behind her .
Next , the kidnapper pulled her from the seat , held the blanket over her head and led her up a short flight of stairs deep into what seemed to be a house .
``Sit down here , ' ' he said , at last removing the blanket .
``I 'm holding you for ransom . ' '
She was in an empty closet off a dim room cluttered with boxes and furniture .
``What 's your name ? ' ' he asked .
When Shari gave it , he told her he knew her parents had insurance that would cover a kidnap ransom .
``I 'm asking $ 100,000 , ' ' he said .
He snapped handcuffs on her and shut the closet door .
In darkness , Shari heard the click of a deadbolt .
I loved Massim .
Yes , I loved your husband !
Oh yes ?
Because he was with me .
Let 's take Sandre .
He drinks every word from your mouth .
You can 't love .
And you ?
You have been hiding beneath Massimo during your whole life .
Were you afraid of the world beneath his arms ?
Were he your guardian angel ?
Small , simple , arogant , and cold bore !
Enough !
Do you want to know , who you are ?
Yes !
I clutched him about the middle and as I did so I kicked my foot backward , forcing it between two iron palings of the fence .
I didn 't plan it , and I 'm not sure I knew at the time exactly why I did it .
But apparently there was some subconscious thought inside of me that informed me that it just possibly might work .
Guys , what 's up ?
I told you to sit down .
I 've just been on a plane for 1 2 hours .
My name is Milan Sova , Czech secret police .
Here , you are under my jurisdiction .
If you become any kind of an inconvenience , I 'll shoot you .
That 's great .
Is this where I 'm staying ?
This is an internal Czech affair that you are interfering with .
Get whatever information your government seeks and get out .
Let 's get this straight .
You may not want me here , but I definitely don 't want to be here .
Two , I 've never been under anyone 's jurisdiction .
Three , if you 're going to shoot anybody shoot that monkey that sold you the suit .
Now , I 'm tired .
By degrees , however , I remembered all .
Striking a light , I looked at the watch ; but it was run down , and there were , consequently , no means of determining how long I slept .
My limbs were greatly cramped , and I was forced to relieve them by standing between the crates .
Presently feeling an almost ravenous appetite , I bethought myself of the cold mutton , some of which I had eaten just before going to sleep , and found excellent .
What was my astonishment in discovering it to be in a state of absolute putrefaction !
This circumstance occasioned me great disquietude ; for , connecting it with the disorder of mind I experienced upon awakening , I began to suppose that I must have slept for an inordinately long period of time .
The close atmosphere of the hold might have had something to do with this , and might , in the end , be productive of the most serious results .
My head ached excessively ; I fancied that I drew every breath with difficulty ; and , in short , I was oppressed with a multitude of gloomy feelings .
Still I could not venture to make any disturbance by opening the trap or otherwise , and , having wound up the watch , contented myself as well as possible .
Throughout the whole of the next tedious twenty-four hours no person came to my relief , and I could not help accusing Augustus of the grossest inattention .
What alarmed me chiefly was , that the water in my jug was reduced to about half a pint , and I was suffering much from thirst , having eaten freely of the Bologna sausages after the loss of my mutton .
I became very uneasy , and could no longer take any interest in my books .
I was overpowered , too , with a desire to sleep , yet trembled at the thought of indulging it , lest there might exist some pernicious influence , like that of burning charcoal , in the confined air of the hold .
In the meantime the roll of the brig told me that we were far in the main ocean , and a dull humming sound , which reached my ears as if from an immense distance , convinced me no ordinary gale was blowing .
I could not imagine a reason for the absence of Augustus .
In 2002 , he was awarded an honorary doctorate by Trent University in Nottingham , England .
His works may be found in the collections of the National Museum , the National Gallery and the Museum of Decorative Arts as well as in numerous galleries at home and abroad .
Ing . Jiří Mikeš
He completed his studies at the University of Economics in Prague .
After his studies , he was employed as a publicity advisor at the Rapid advertising agency , where he worked until 1976 .
That same year he became the manager of the Media Division and the manger of the Tourist Publicity Division of the Merkur Agency .
He continues to work in the field of advertising , having served as the director of the McCann-Erickson Agency through 1991 .
He has also worked with the Leo Burnet Agency as both an adviser and text writer .
The New York American Marketing Association recognized Mikeš for his work , naming him as their " most talented foreign partner . "
Home .
Talk to me .
Nicolas , talk to me .
What did you do to your arms ?
Nicky , do you remember all the different ways of the trees ?
Huh ?
The mountains ?
Yeah .
One shot .
One shot . One shot .
226 reads more info
Řešitel grantu
prof . Ing . Milan Slavík , CSc .
Řešitel grantu
Ing . Václav Lohr
Řešitel grantu
Ing . Jaroslav Havlík , Ph.D.
Řešitel grantu
Ing . Milan Pešek
Řešitel grantu
Ing . Vlastimil Altmann , Ph.D.
Řešitel grantu
Ing . Helena Zukalová , CSc .
Řešitel grantu
Ing . Jaroslav Klápště , Ph.D.
Řešitel grantu
Article 2 This Regulation shall enter into force on 15 July 2005 .
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States .
Done at Brussels , 14 July 2005 .
For the Commission J. M. Silva Rodríguez Director-General for Agriculture and Rural Development [ 1 ] OJ L 178 , 30.6.2001 , p . 1 . Regulation as last amended by Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 39 / 2004 ( OJ L 6 , 10.1.2004 , p .
Regulation as last amended by Regulation ( EC ) No 624 / 98 ( OJ L 85 , 20.3.1998 , p . 5 ) .
Don 't you realize what this child has in him ?
It 's not a vampiral antigen , but a human antigen .
Lethal enough to kill every human on the planet .
Why would humans create a human antigen ?
Commission Regulation ( EU ) No 226 / 2010 of 17 March 2010 on the issue of import licences for applications lodged during the first seven days of March 2010 under the tariff quotas opened by Regulation ( EC ) No 539 / 2007 for certain products in the egg sector and for egg albumin
Adress :
Phone :
Adress :
Directive 2008 / 96 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 19 November 2008
on road infrastructure safety management
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION ,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Article 71 ( 1 ) ( c ) thereof ,
Having regard to the proposal from the Commission ,
Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee ,
After consulting the Committee of the Regions ,
Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty ,
The trans-European road network defined in Decision No 1692 / 96 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 1996 on Community guidelines for the development of the trans-European transport network , is of paramount importance in supporting European integration and cohesion as well as ensuring a high level of well-being .
In particular , a high level of safety should be guaranteed .
In its White Paper of 12 September 2001 European transport policy for 2010 : time to decide the Commission expressed the need to carry out safety impact assessments and road safety audits , in order to identify and manage high accident concentration sections within the Community .
It also set the target of halving the number of deaths on the roads within the European Union between 2001 and 2010 .
In its Communication of 2 June 2003 European Road Safety Action Programme , Halving the number of road accident victims in the European Union by 2010 : A shared responsibility the Commission identified road infrastructure as the third pillar of road safety policy , which should make an important contribution to the Community ’ s accident reduction target .
In recent years , major advances have been made in vehicle design ( safety measures and the development and application of new technologies ) which have helped to reduce the number of people killed or injured in road accidents .
Character count
Lowercase letters
Uppercase letters
Numbers
Symbols
Could not open file : Argument
Application :
Paste key :
Paste text automatically with :
Use special keys for these apps :
Add ...
Edit ...
Remove
Configure Paste Snippets
Texts :
He glanced quickly at the mirror , wiped it with one stained finger and looked at it once with his own eye , then again through the tube .
'I say , ' he called over his shoulder , as they oscillated for the tenth hilarious time through the enormous kitchen , ' not so tight , please.'
I AM MOST TERRIBLY SORRY .
'No offence , old chap .
Do I know you ? ' said Lord Rodley , kicking vigorously on the back beat .
'What ? ' shouted Lord Rodley , above the sound of someone kicking in the door of a glass cabinet amid shrieks of merriment .
'Haven 't you been to a party before ?
Other financial revenue
+ XV
Visit www.vas-scheidingsbemiddeling.nl .
" Don 't you think talking about ' it ' is , well , in bad taste ? "
He patted Tas 's hand .
" You 're better off not knowing . "
They fell silent .
The kender did not know how far they 'd walked when they stopped before a closed door .
" This is it .
The jarfitting room , " Bozdil said , his voice clipped .
Experience design
the admissibility of searches in accordance with Article 30 ( 2 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) can be checked .
Article 30
Logging and recording ; special rules governing automated and non-automated supply
Each Member State shall guarantee that every non-automated supply and every non-automated receipt of personal data by the body administering the file and by the receiving body is logged in order to verify the admissibility of the supply .
Logging shall contain the following information :
the reason for the supply ;
the data supplied ;
the date of the supply ; and
the name or reference number of the receiving body and of the body administering the file .
The following shall apply to automated searches for data based on Articles 3 , 9 , 12 and to automated comparison pursuant to Article 4 :
Only specially authorised officers of the national contact points may carry out automated searches or comparisons .
The list of officers authorised to carry out automated searches or comparisons , shall be made available upon request to the supervisory authorities referred to in paragraph 5 and to the other Member States .
Each Member State shall ensure that each supply and receipt of personal data by the body administering the file and the receiving body is recorded , including notification of whether or not a hit exists .
Recording shall include the following information :
the data supplied ;
He had told Ollathair he was afraid for his soul but that had been a lie — a falsehood enabling him to save face .
And yet , would any beast be worse than the horror he ^ had faced today ?
Even the monsters of the dark ?
I can ’ t ! I ’ m afraid !
‘ Come inside , ’ said Ruad behind him .
‘ There is someone I want you to see . ’
He turned and stepped into the doorway , where the one-eyed sorcerer held out a silvered mirror .
Manannan took it and gazed at a face he had not seen for six years .
The eyes accused him and he looked away .
‘ You cannot run away any more , Manannan .
You cannot live your life wondering if your friends are trapped in some deep , dark dungeon .
I know you ; it will haunt you all your days .
And you are no coward ; I would never have chosen you otherwise . ’
‘ Why did you choose me ? ’
‘ Because you were strong in the broken places . ’
Witnesses may refuse to answer individual questions if they have good reason , in particular if by answering they would bring serious shame , considerable financial harm or criminal prosecution on themselves or lineal blood relatives up to any degree or collateral blood relatives up to the third degree , or if they would bring serious shame , considerable financial harm or criminal prosecution on their spouse or a relative by marriage up to and including the second degree ( even where the marriage has already been terminated ) or to their guardian or charge , or to their adopted parent or adopted child ( first paragraph of Article 233 ZPP ) .
However , the risk of causing any financial damage may not be used by witnesses as a reason for refusing to testify on legal transactions where they have been present as witnesses , on actions which they have performed as a legal predecessor or representative of any of the parties regarding a dispute , on facts relating to property regimes linked to family ties or marriage , on facts relating to birth , marriage or death or wherever , pursuant to special regulations , they must submit an application or give a statement ( Article 234 ZPP ) .
c ) Can a person who refuses to testify be sanctioned or forced to give evidence ?
Yes .
If witnesses who have been properly summoned fail to attend and their absence is unjustified or if they have left without permission the place where they should have been heard , the court may order them to be brought by force , at their expense , and may also impose a fine .
The court may also impose such a fine on a witness who attends but then , after having been warned of the consequences , declines to testify or to answer specific questions for reasons that the court deems to be unjustified .
d ) Are there persons from whom evidence cannot be obtained ?
A witness may be any person who is capable of giving information on the facts to be proved ( second paragraph of Article 229 ZPP ) .
Eligibility to be a witness does not depend on legal capacity .
A child or a person who has been declared partly or wholly legally incapable can be a witness if he or she is indeed capable of giving information on the legally relevant facts .
A party or a party 's legal representative may not be a witness , whereas an ordinary representative ( pooblaščenec ) or an intervenor ( stranski intervenient ) may .
Under what conditions can a witness be heard via new technology such as television or videoconferencing ?
As regards the hearing of witnesses , see reply to point 5 ( b ) .
The evaluation of the evidence 8 .
Where evidence has not been obtained legally by a party , are there restrictions placed on the court in reaching its judgment ?
However , we had left behind us the luminous forest , dumb with astonishment , overwhelmed and struck down with a terror which amounted to stupefaction .
It was a flight , a fall , like that fearful pulling and dragging which is peculiar to nightmare .
Instinctively we got back to the Liedenbrock sea , and I cannot say into what vagaries my mind would not have carried me but for a circumstance which brought me back to practical matters .
Occasionally we felt quite convinced .
I thought I recognised the bed of surturbrand , our faithful Hansbach , and the grotto in which I had recovered life and consciousness .
Then a few paces farther on , the arrangement of the cliffs , the appearance of an unrecognised stream , or the strange outline of a rock , came to throw me again into doubt .
I communicated my doubts to my uncle .
For God 's sake , this is insane .
The man had a stroke .
That isn 't what he thinks .
And you 're gonna take him away from her ?
How can you believe ...
Time to live
ANNEX II
INFORMATION TO BE PUBLISHED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 21 ( TRANSPARENCY AND PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION )
The national regulatory authority has a responsibility to ensure that the information in this Annex is published , in accordance with Article 21 .
It is for the national regulatory authority to decide which information is to be published by the undertakings providing public communications networks and / or publicly available telephone services and which information is to be published by the national regulatory authority itself , so as to ensure that consumers are able to make informed choices .
Name ( s ) and address ( es ) of undertaking ( s )
i.e. names and head office addresses of undertakings providing public communications networks and / or publicly available telephone services .
Description of services offered
Scope of services offered .
Standard tariffs indicating the services provided and the content of each tariff element ( e.g. charges for access , all types of usage charges , maintenance charges ) , and including details of standard discounts applied and special and targeted tariff schemes and any additional charges , as well as costs with respect to terminal equipment .
Compensation / refund policy , including specific details of any compensation / refund schemes offered .
Types of maintenance service offered .
Standard contract conditions , including any minimum contractual period , termination of the contract and procedures and direct charges related to the portability of numbers and other identifiers , if relevant .
Dispute settlement mechanisms , including those developed by the undertaking .
Information about rights as regards universal service , including , where appropriate , the facilities and services mentioned in Annex I.
At about six in the evening , a man-of-war bird tumbled from the grayness , then swooped across the quarterdeck , grazing Capt. Anders Johnsen 's shoulder as he stood with the helmsman and other crewmen on the deck of the Ellen .
Seamen 's superstitions had long held that an encounter with birds far at sea was a harbinger of danger , but Johnsen at first ignored the bird .
The creature flitted into the rigging , beating its wings incessantly , and then it dived again and circled the captain 's head .
I accordingly headed to the eastward direction .
Mechanic
Let me go !
Please please !
Nooooooooooooo !
Make a note to Susan would you please , to get an `Armed Response ' sign made up with a sharp spike on the bottom at the right height for rabbits to see . "
" What ? " muttered Richard to himself , and his finger hesitated for a second over the Fast Forward button .
He had a feeling that Gordon desperately wanted to be like Howard Hughes , and if he could never hope to be remotely as rich , he could at least try to be twice as eccentric .
An act .
A palpable act .
" That 's secretary Susan at the office , not you , of course , " continued Gordon 's voice on the answering machine .
" Where was I ? Oh yes .
The Sirene bureau of the country , which has introduced the alert into the SIS , is known hereafter as the providing Sirene bureau .
The procedure allows for two possibilities :
The discovering Sirene bureau sends a G form through the usual electronic path and asks , in field 089 , the providing Sirene bureau to send an L form as soon as possible , as well as the fingerprints and pictures if these are available .
The discovering Sirene bureau sends the fingerprints and pictures to its national identification service for comparison , and asks for the result through the same path .
The discovering Sirene bureau provides the result in an L form ( in field 083 ) to the providing Sirene bureau .
The providing Sirene bureau makes the comparison
The discovering Sirene bureau sends a G form and an L form through the usual electronic path and mentions in field 083 of the L form that the fingerprints and pictures are being sent for comparison .
The providing Sirene bureau sends the fingerprints and pictures it has received to its national identification service for comparison and asks for the result through the same path .
The providing Sirene bureau provides the result in an L form ( in field 083 ) to the discovering Sirene bureau .
After comparison , the fingerprints and pictures of a reported person may be kept in the file by the discovering Sirene bureau in case further comparisons are required
The fingerprints and pictures of a person not matching the data of the reported person which have been exchanged via Sirene must be processed in accordance with the provisions of Title VI of the Schengen Convention and more specifically Articles 126 and 129 thereof ( and , where applicable , the provisions of Directive 95 / 46 / EC ) and with the legislation in force in that area in the States concerned .
This should normally lead to the deletion of the fingerprints and pictures in question .
Input screen
The input mask will be developed with reference to the existing Interpol input mask ( ANSI / NIST standard ) .
The mask will have the following data :
Note ML9.f includes connectors for vessels which are of the single conductor , multi-conductor , coaxial or waveguide type , and hull penetrators for vessels , both of which are capable of remaining impervious to leakage from without and of retaining required characteristics at marine depths exceeding 100 m ; and fibre-optic connectors and optical hull penetrators specially designed for " laser " beam transmission regardless of depth .
g . Silent bearings , with gas or magnetic suspension , active signature or vibration suppression controls , and equipment containing those bearings , specially designed for military use .
ML10 " Aircraft " , " lighter-than-air vehicles " , unmanned airborne vehicles , aero-engines and " aircraft " equipment , related equipment and components , specially designed or modified for military use , as follows : N.B.
a . Combat " aircraft " and specially designed components therefor .
b . Other " aircraft " and " lighter-than-air vehicles " specially designed or modified for military use , including military reconnaissance , assault , military training , transporting and airdropping troops or military equipment , logistics support , and specially designed components therefor .
d .
Airborne equipment , including airborne refuelling equipment , specially designed for use with the " aircraft " controlled by ML10.a or ML10.b or the aero-engines controlled by ML10.d. , and specially designed components therefor .
Judgment of the Court ( First Chamber ) of 14 October 2004 in Case C-113 / 02 : Commission of the European Communities v Kingdom of the Netherlands ( Regulation ( EEC ) No 259 / 93 on the supervision and control of shipments of waste — Directive 75 / 442 on waste — National measure providing for objections to shipments of waste for recovery where 20 % of the waste is recoverable in the Member State and the percentage of waste recoverable in the country of destination is lower — Measure of a Member State classifying an operation under point R1 ( recovery by incineration ) of Annex IIB to Directive 75 / 442 or under point D10 ( disposal by incineration ) of Annex IIA to that directive not according to the criterion of actual use but according to the calorific value of the incinerated waste )
On systems with only one screen this option will take no effect .
Using the Test Images
This module provides six different test pictures selectable from the drop down box at the top of the window .
You should be able to see the following :
A grayscale with 20 different sections
The darkest section pure black
The lightest section pure white
No hint of any color in the gray tones
If you cannot see all of the 20 sections , use your monitors contrast settings or the Gamma slider to correct this .
If you see any colors in the gray tones alter the color balance settings of your monitor or the Red , Green and Blue slider .
9 Clinical efficacy :
Efficacy and safety data for Suboxone are primarily derived from a one-year clinical trial , comprising a 4-week randomised double blind comparison of Suboxone , buprenorphine and placebo tablets followed by a 48 week safety study of Suboxone .
In this trial , 326 heroin-addicted subjects were randomly assigned to either Suboxone 16 mg per day , 16 mg buprenorphine per day or placebo tablets .
For subjects randomized to either active treatment , dosing began with one 8 mg tablet of buprenorphine on Day 1 , followed by 16 mg ( two 8 mg tablets ) of buprenorphine on Day 2 .
On Day 3 , those randomized to receive Suboxone were switched to the combination tablet .
Subjects were seen daily in the clinic ( Monday through Friday ) for dosing and efficacy assessments .
Take-home doses were provided for weekends .
The primary study comparison was to assess the efficacy of buprenorphine and Suboxone individually against placebo .
The percentage of thrice-weekly urine samples that were negative for non-study opioids was statistically higher for both Suboxone versus placebo ( p < 0.0001 ) and buprenorphine versus placebo ( p < 0.0001 ) .
In a double-blind , double-dummy , parallel-group study comparing buprenorphine ethanolic solution to a full agonist active control , 162 subjects were randomized to receive the ethanolic sublingual solution of buprenorphine at 8 mg / day ( a dose which is roughly comparable to a dose of 12 mg / day of Suboxone ) , or two relatively low doses of active control , one of which was low enough to serve as an alternative to placebo , during a 3 to10 day induction phase , a 16-week maintenance phase and a 7- week detoxification phase .
Buprenorphine was titrated to maintenance dose by Day 3 ; active control doses were titrated more gradually .
Based on retention in treatment and the percentage of thrice- weekly urine samples negative for non-study opioids , buprenorphine was more effective than the low dose of the control , in keeping heroin addicts in treatment and in reducing their use of opioids while in treatment .
The use of this medicinal product by the oral route is therefore inappropriate .
Peak plasma concentrations are achieved 90 minutes after sublingual administration .
Plasma levels of buprenorphine increased with the sublingual dose of Suboxone .
There are already some bodies lying about-every day there will be more .
" I noticed her shudder .
I had for the moment , in taking the general view , forgotten the particular application it would have for her .
I hurried on :
" That may mean typhus , or cholera , or God knows what .
It 's important to get away before anything of that kind starts . "
She nodded agreement to that .
" Then the next question seems to be , where do we go ?
A place with a good water supply we can be sure of-a well , perhaps .
And I should think it would be best to be as high up as we reasonably can-some place where there 'll be a nice clean wind . "
" Yes , " I said , " I 'd not thought of the clean wind part , but you 're right .
A hilltop with a good water supply-that 's not so easy offhand .
" I thought a moment .
Or maybe Exmoor or Dartmoor- or right down in Cornwall ?
Around Land 's End we 'd have the prevailing southwest wind coming in untainted over the Atlantic .
Where does the window of that look out to ? "
He stepped across the bedroom , pushed open the door , and glanced round the other chamber .
" I hope that you are satisfied now ? " said Mr. Cunningham , tartly .
" Thank you , I think I have seen all that I wished . "
" Then if it is really necessary we can go into my room . "
" If it is not too much trouble . "
The J. P. shrugged his shoulders , and led the way into his own chamber , which was a plainly furnished and commonplace room .
As we moved across it in the direction of the window , Holmes fell back until he and I were the last of the group .
Near the foot of the bed stood a dish of oranges and a carafe of water .
As we passed it Holmes , to my unutterable astonishment , leaned over in front of me and deliberately knocked the whole thing over .
The glass smashed into a thousand pieces and the fruit rolled about into every corner of the room .
" You 've done it now , Watson , " said he , coolly .
I stooped in some confusion and began to pick up the fruit , understanding for some reason my companion desired me to take the blame upon myself .
The others did the same , and set the table on its legs again .
" Hullo ! " cried the Inspector , " where 's he got to ? "
'Do I need to tell you to turn around and come out of there if you sense anything - any slightest thing - wrong ? '
'No.'
Fly out of there like a bigass bird.'
'I will.'
'Give me the video camera.'
Sandy wasn 't there - missed the whole thing - but when Huddie later told him it was the only time he had ever seen the Sarge looking scared , Sandy was just as glad he spent that afternoon out on patrol .
There were some things you just didn 't want to see .
'You have one minute in the shed , Trooper Wilcox .
After that I drag you out whether you 're fainting , farting , or singing " Columbia , the Gem of the Ocean " .'
'Ninety seconds.'
'No .
And if you try one more time to bargain with me , your time goes down to thirty seconds.'
Curtis Wilcox is standing in the sun outside the walk-in door on the north side of Shed B.
The rope is tied around his waist .
He looks young on the tape , younger with each passing year .
However , for two exporting producers , this method did not reflect the full degree of dumping being practised and there was a pattern of export prices which differed significantly among different purchasers and regions .
Therefore the normal value established on a weighted average basis was compared to prices of all individual transactions to the Community .
I think of it as the metasphere , for I sense immediately that this level of consensual reality includes all of the varieties and vagaries of sensation which I have experienced on Earth , all of the binary analyses and intellectual pleasures I have felt flowing from the
Expansiveness ?
Freedom ? --potential might be the word I am hunting for .
I am alone in this metasphere .
Colors flow above me , under me , through me . . . sometimes dissolving into vague pastels , sometimes coalescing into cloudlike fantasies , and at other times , rarely , appearing to form into -More solid objects , shapes , distinct forms which may or may not be humanoid in appearance--I watch them the way a child might watch clouds and imagine elephants , crocodiles from the Nile , and great gunboats marching from west to east on a spring day in the Lake District .
After a while I hear sounds : the maddening trickle of the Bernini fountain in the Piazza outside ; doves rustling and cooing on the ledges above my window ;
Leigh Hunt moaning softly in his sleep .
But above and beneath these noises , I hear something More stealthy , less real , but infinitely More threatening .
Something large this way comes .
I strain to see through the pastel gloom ; something is moving just beyond the horizon of sight .
I know that it knows my name .
I know that it holds my life in one palm and death in its other fist .
There is no place to hide in this space beyond space .
I cannot run .
The siren song of pain continues to rise and fall from the world I left behind--the everyday pain of each person everywhere , the pain of those suffering from the war just begun , the specific , focused pain of those on the Shrike 's terrible tree , and , worst of all , the pain I feel for and 3 8 I from the pilgrims and those others whose lives and thoughts I now share .
uth Patients should be instructed not to increase their dose of ZIMULTI .
I introduced the game and it caught on fast--and I found that I could no longer play it .
Poker must be serious or it 's nothing--out when you own an ocean of money , adding or losing a few drops mean nothing .
I should explain--Her Wisdom 's " civil list " may not have been as large as the expenditures of many big spenders in Center ; the place is rich .
But it was as big as Star wanted it to be , a bottomless well of wealth .
I don 't know how many worlds split the tab , but call it twenty thousand with three billion people each--it was more than that .
A penny each from 60,000,000,000,000 people is six hundred billion dollars .
The figures mean nothing except to show that spreading it so thin that nobody could feel it still meant more money than I could dent .
Star 's non-government of her un-Empire was an expense , I suppose--but her personal expenses , and mine , no matter how lavish , were irrelevant .
King Midas lost interest in his piggy bank .
So did I.
Oh , I spent money .
Hey ! How 's it going ?
Well as far as our computer is concerned the dialling sequence to P3X-584 ran perfectly normal .
Except for the fact you ended up 12,000 light years off course .
Oh , here 's something .
Maybe it wasn 't our fault .
I thought it was always our fault .
We just ran a program that compares the energy signatures of the last thirty outbound trips , to look for anomalies .
It 's kinda like a bump .
A bump ?
Well , that explains everything .
Actually , it might .
Defence mechanism ?
Yes , Sir .
Well , I have a theory about that too .
Instead of using an iris , like we do , the offworld gate stores incoming data in its buffer system .
'Well , well , well , ' he said , with the tone of someone looking forward to seeing a third party get what was coming to them .
" Turns out the captain wants to see you right away .
Gods protect you , Vimes thought .
Maybe it was true that the blow that had spread Snouty 's nose across his face had scrambled his brain .
You had to be a special kind of idiot to try to handcuff a dangerous prisoner all by yourself .
If he 'd tried it with Carcer , for example , he 'd have been a dead idiot five minutes ago .
The jailer opened the door .
Vimes stood up and presented his wrists .
After a second 's hesitation , Snouty handcuffed him .
It always paid to be nice to a jailer ; you might not get handcuffed behind your back .
A man with both hands in front of him had quite a lot of freedom .
'You go up the stairs first , ’ said Snouty , and reached down and picked up an efficient looking crossbow .
'Very fair , ' said Vimes .
'Very fair.'
He walked up the steps very carefully , hearing Snouty 's heavy breathing right behind him .
Please also refer to the respective Summary of Product Characteristics of the other antiretroviral medicinal products used in the combination .
3 Information for patients : patients should be advised that antiretroviral therapies including CELSENTRI have not been shown to prevent the risk of transmission of HIV to others through sexual contact or contamination with blood .
They should continue to use appropriate precautions .
Patients should also be informed that CELSENTRI is not a cure for HIV-1 infection .
Postural hypotension : when CELSENTRI was administered in studies with healthy volunteers at doses higher than the recommended dose , cases of symptomatic postural hypotension were seen at a greater frequency than with placebo .
However , when CELSENTRI was given at the recommended dose in HIV infected patients in Phase 3 studies , postural hypotension was seen at a similar rate compared to placebo ( approximately 0.5 % ) .
Caution should be used when administering CELSENTRI in patients with a history of postural hypotension or on concomitant medicinal products known to lower blood pressure .
Potential effect on immunity :
CCR5 antagonists could potentially impair the immune response to certain infections .
This should be taken into consideration when treating infections such as active tuberculosis and invasive fungal infections .
The incidence of AIDS-defining infections was similar between CELSENTRI and placebo arms in the pivotal studies .
Immune reconstitution syndrome : in HIV infected patients with severe immune deficiency at the time of institution of combination antiretroviral therapy ( CART ) , an inflammatory reaction to asymptomatic or residual opportunistic pathogens may arise and cause serious clinical conditions , or aggravation of symptoms .
Typically , such reactions have been observed within the first few weeks or months of initiation of CART .
Relevant examples are cytomegalovirus retinitis , generalised and / or focal mycobacterial infections , and pneumonia caused by Pneumocystis jiroveci ( formerly known as Pneumocystis carinii ) .
Any inflammatory symptoms should be evaluated and treatment initiated when necessary .
1996 in film
STATEMENT OF ACTIVE SUBSTANCE ( S ) Each tablet contains sitagliptin phosphate monohydrate equivalent to 100 mg of sitagliptin .
3 .
LIST OF EXCIPIENTS 4 .
PHARMACEUTICAL FORM AND CONTENTS 14 film-coated tablets 28 film-coated tablets 56 film-coated tablets 84 film-coated tablets 98 film-coated tablets 50 x 1 film-coated tablets 5 .
METHOD AND ROUTE ( S ) OF ADMINISTRATION Oral use .
6 .
OTHER SPECIAL WARNING ( S ) , IF NECESSARY 8 .
EXPIRY DATE EXP 9 .
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER Merck Sharp & Dohme Ltd .
Hertford Road , Hoddesdon Hertfordshire EN11 9BU United Kingdom 12 .
MARKETING AUTHORISATION NUMBER ( S ) EU / 1 / 07 / 435 / 013 EU / 1 / 07 / 435 / 014 EU / 1 / 07 / 435 / 015 EU / 1 / 07 / 435 / 016 EU / 1 / 07 / 435 / 017 EU / 1 / 07 / 435 / 018 13 .
15 .
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT TESAVEL 100 mg tablets Sitagliptin 2 .
These member states were not able to reach an agreement .
On 6 October 2008 , the Dutch regulatory agency referred the matter to the CHMP .
The grounds for the referral were concerns regarding the side effects related to insertion and removal of the implant , the risk of breast cancer , the incidence of irregular bleedings leading to premature removal of the implant .
Additionally , the data on effectiveness in obese women in particular in the third year of use was considered insufficient .
What are the conclusions of the CHMP ?
Based on the evaluation of the currently available data and the scientific discussion within the Committee , the CHMP concluded that the benefits of Implanon outweigh its risks , and therefore the renewal of the marketing authorisation for Implanon should be granted in all concerned member states .
The CHMP also endorsed the changes to the product information for the medicine as agreed by the Coordination Group for the Mutual and Decentralised Procedures .
Rapporteur :
Co-rapporteur :
Referral start date :
You got to get up in the Pinions before you see a tesla .
We ain 't out of the rain forest yet , Padre . "
It rains every afternoon .
Actually , rain is too gentle a term for the deluge that strikes us each day , obscuring the shore , pounding the tin roofs of the barges with a deafening roar , and slowing our upstream crawl until it seems we are standing still .
It is ns if the river becomes a vertical torrent each afternoon , a waterfall which the ship must climb if we are to go on .
The Oirandole is an ancient , flat-bottomed tow with five barges lashed around it like ragged children clinging to their tired motheris skins .
Three of the two-level barges carry bales of goods to be traded or sold at the few plantations and settlements along the river .
The other two offer a simulacrum of lodging for the indigenies traveling upriver , although I suspect that some of the barge 's residents are permanent .
My own berth boasts a stained mattress on the floor and lizard-like insects on the walls .
After the rains everyone gathers on the decks to watch the evening mists rise from the cooling river .
The air ' is very hot and supersaturated with moisture most of the day now .
Old Kady tells me that I have come too late to make the climb through the rain and flame forests before the tesla trees become active .
We shall see .
Tonight the mists rise like the spirits of all the dead who sleep beneath the river 's dark surface .
The last tattered remnants of the afternoon 's cloud cover dissipate through the treetops and color returns to the world .
'I see , ' said Sirano .
'I have often wondered why your mistresses never swell with child .
Now I know .
Your seed is not strong .
And you are not my father.'
'No , I am not ! ' shouted the older man .
'But you will be the Duke when I am dead .
I raised you as my own .
You owe me for that ! '
Sirano smiled .
'I think not .
That was just ego on your part .
You robbed me of the love of a mother and a father .
But I am eighteen now , and a man .
I am ready for a man 's duties .
List Printer Fonts
Fast Raster
FontSmart is not installed on the system
300 x 300 dots per inch
Economode
Enable
None
PAGES
HP DeskJet 310 ( Monochrome )
HP DeskJet 320 ( Monochrome )
HP DeskJet 340 ( Monochrome )
NEC PICTY100L ( Monochrome )
HP DeskJet 400 ( Monochrome )
HP DeskJet 500C ( Monochrome )
HP DeskJet 540 ( Monochrome )
Since the thread is moved on without interruption , unravelling is prevented .
| CHAPTER 59 IMPREGNATED , COATED , COVERED OR LAMINATED TEXTILE FABRICS ; TEXTILE ARTICLES OF A KIND SUITABLE FOR INDUSTRIAL USE General For the classification , within headings , of articles composed of two or more textile materials , see the General Explanatory Notes to this section .
Decision No 568 / 2009 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 18 June 2009
amending Council Decision 2001 / 470 / EC establishing a European Judicial Network in civil and commercial matters
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNCIL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION ,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular Articles 61 ( c ) and ( d ) and 66 and the second indent of Article 67 ( 5 ) thereof ,
Having regard to the proposal from the Commission ,
Having regard to the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee ,
Acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 251 of the Treaty ,
The European Judicial Network in civil and commercial matters between the Member States ( the Network ) was established by Council Decision 2001 / 470 / EC because it was considered that the establishment of an area of freedom , security and justice entailed the need to improve , simplify and expedite effective judicial cooperation between Member States , as well as effective access to justice , for persons engaging in cross-border litigation .
The date of application of that Decision was 1 December 2002 .
The Hague Programme on strengthening freedom , security and justice in the European Union , adopted by the European Council on 4 and 5 November 2004 , calls for further efforts to be made to facilitate access to justice and judicial cooperation in civil matters .
In particular , it focuses on the effective implementation of instruments on civil justice adopted by the European Parliament and the Council and the promotion of cooperation between members of the legal professions with a view to establishing best practice .
In accordance with Article 19 of Decision 2001 / 470 / EC , the Commission presented on 16 May 2006 a report on the operation of the Network .
The report concluded that , although the Network had generally met the objectives set in 2001 , it was still a long way from having developed its full potential .
In order to achieve the objectives of the Hague Programme as regards improving judicial cooperation and access to justice and to take on the expected increase in the Network ’ s tasks in the years ahead , the Network should have a legal framework better suited to increasing its means of action .
POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS
THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS
Stepping up the Prevent pillar
firmly agrees that the global threat faced from terrorism is a serious threat to democracy , human rights , and economic and social development across the international community ;
feels that the EU 's counter-terrorism activities must have a twofold focus : ( i ) a direct assault on terrorist activities ; and ( ii ) preventive action .
The earlier the chain of causes that result in terrorist activity can be broken the better .
In this regard , it may be very useful to step up research into the causes and motives that induce people to support , finance or take part in terrorist activity ;
acknowledges that religious factors cannot be ignored when dealing with terrorism .
More must be done to spread the message that terrorist activity cannot be justified under any circumstances ;
thinks therefore that the EU must take the initiative and back moves designed to mitigate terrorism through religious and cultural dialogue ;
feels that EU cooperation with non-EU countries is a vitally important tool in the prevention of terrorism .
Steps must be taken to bolster external cooperation strategies of this kind in a bid both to promote exchanges of information and to foster enhanced practical cooperation among police forces , and cooperation among customs administrations ;
underlines that local and regional authorities will be central to the implementation of the EU Counter Terrorism Strategy .
In particular these authorities , alongside both national and regional law enforcement partners with powers to protect persons and property , will drive the delivery of the Prevent pillar and forthcoming counter terrorism and de-radicalisation initiatives across Member States ;
draws attention to the considerable progress made in the delivery of the other three pillars : Protect , Pursue and Respond across Members States since the framework legislation of 2002 .
Article 1 The Rules of Procedure of the Mixed Committee are amended as follows :
In Article 1 the following sentence is added after the last sentence :
" The delegations representing the Governments of Iceland and Norway may cede the chair of the Mixed Committee meeting at the level of senior officials and Ministers to another delegation prepared to perform that function " .
Subparagraph 2 of Article 5 is modified as follows :
" The presence of at least half of the members of the Council , of the delegation of Iceland and of the delegation of Norway at ministerial level and of the member of Commission is required to enable the Mixed Committee to take decisions " .
Article 2 This Decision shall take effect on the date of its adoption .
Article 3 This Decision shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union .
Iceland and Norway shall be responsible for its official publication in their respective countries .
Done at Luxembourg , 26 October 2004 .
For the Mixed Committee The Chairperson -------------------------------------------------- [ 1 ] OJ C 211 , 23.7.1999 , p . 9 .
" And if they ran out ? "
" This is a very cheerful conversation .
I can 't imagine that happening except through gross carelessness or about three simultaneous mechanical failures .
" But just supposing , " insisted Gibson .
" In that case the only thing to do would be to switch on the suit 's S.O.S. beacon and wait until someone came out to haul you back .
I doubt if they 'd hurry , in such circumstances .
Anyone who got himself in a mess like that wouldn 't receive much sympathy . "
Bradley killed the rebound with his jets .
" We 're a long way from home now , " he said quietly .
It took Gibson several seconds to locate the Ares .
They were on the night side of the ship so that it was almost wholly in shadow ; the two spheres were thin , distant crescents that might easily have been taken for Earth and Moon , seen from perhaps a million kilometres away .
There was no real sense of contact : the ship was too small and frail a thing to be regarded as a sanctuary any more .
Gibson was alone with the stars at last .
He was always grateful that Bradley left him in silence and did not intrude upon his thoughts .
Perhaps the other was equally overwhelmed by the splendid solemnity of the moment .
Maximum change :
Workbook options
Settings
Sheet Options
Save Excel files as :
Custom lists :
List entries :
Import list from cells :
Active chart
Chart tips
Number handling
Printing
minutes
Error Indicator Color :
Rules
% s Synchronizing : % s
% s : Started
% s Finished : % s
% v of % u records
Pilot is currently synchronizing .
Please wait for it to finish .
Not connected to gpilotd .
Please restart daemon .
gnome-pilot applet
Copyright 2000-2006 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
A PalmOS PDA monitor .
There was an error displaying help : % s
cancelling % d
Restoring % s
No directory to restore from .
To that end , securities should be lodged to ensure that the goals of the operation are achieved without excessive cost to the operators .
Derogations should accordingly be made to certain rules , in particular those laid down in Regulation ( EEC ) No 2131 / 93 .
( 5 ) To forestall reimportation , exports under this invitation to tender should be limited to certain third countries .
( 6 ) With a view to modernising the management of the system , provision should be made for the electronic transmission of the information required by the Commission .
Article 1 Subject to this Regulation , the Lithuanian intervention agency shall issue a standing invitation to tender in accordance with Regulation ( EEC ) No 2131 / 93 for the export of common wheat held by it .
Article 2 The invitation to tender shall cover a maximum of 150000 tonnes of common wheat for export to third countries with the exception of Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Croatia , the Former Yugosla v Republic of Macedonia , Liechtenstein , Romania , Serbia and Montenegro [ 4 ] and Switzerland .
'How unfortunate for them , ' said Connavar .
The more you bathe , the more you need to .
I had a bath two months ago , in Turgony .
It was wonderful .
Then I set off on the road home .
Within three days I stank .
After ten I could almost not bear my own company .
Then the odour faded away.'
Banouin stood up , removed his long coat and threw it over a couch .
Connavar saw the bloodied bandage on his upper arm .
'How did you get the wound ? ' he asked .
'Four days ago I was accosted by robbers .
Three Norvii outcasts .
One of them managed to scratch me with his knife .
It is not a serious wound.'
In crisis situations , as referred to in Article 168 ( 2 ) of this Regulation , and for actions of limited duration , a basic act may also take the form specified in Articles 13 ( 3 ) and 23 ( 1 ) of the Treaty on European Union . " ; 3 .
Oh , man .
They know , don 't they ?
Maybe they have .
Nearby towns are packed full of history and wonderful Gothic , Baroque and Renaissance architecture .
Hotel Nautilus provides an ideal location for a wonderful romantic or active holiday in Bohemia .
All who visit will appreciate that there ’ s more to the Czech Republic than Prague .
Sports and outdoor activities in & around Tábor :
Southern Bohemia offers excellent settings for a great many outdoor activities and sports .
Hiking Very popular with locals and tourists are both long and short hiking trips .
There are many well-marked trails around Tábor that are color coded for levels of difficulty and very well maintained by the local hiking club .
Czech Hiking club kct klubturistu.cz Head out for an hour or if you are feeling more adventurous , follow the river Lužnice all the way to Bechyně .
This 20 km hike will take you through some beautiful country and you will end up in the small but charming town of Bechyně , where you can stroll through the renovated castle and grounds and visit the Alšova jihočeská galerie , which houses an excellent collection of ceramics from across Europe .
Whenever anything important happens in America , they have to gold-plate it , like baby shoes .
That way you can forget it .
And forgetting Carrie White may be a bigger mistake than anyone realizes ...
Monday morning : Principal Grayle and his understudy , Pete Morton , were having coffee in Grayle 's office .
'No word from Hargensen yet ? ' Morty asked .
'Not a peep .
Grayle blew on his coffee with a long face .
'I 'm not .
Did you know Carrie White is going to the prom ? '
Morty blinked .
The Beak was Freddy Holt , another of Ewen 's misfits .
He weighed perhaps one hundred pounds soaking wet , and the casual observer might be tempted to believe that sixty of it was nose .
'No , ' Grayle said .
'With Tommy Ross.'
'That 's the way I felt , ' Grayle said .
Application for a decision not going to the substance of the case
JUDGMENTS AND ORDERS
Judgments
Delivery of judgment
Orders
Adoption of orders
Rectification of decisions
Omission of any decision as to costs
Allocation of costs — General rules
Unreasonable or vexatious costs
Allocation of costs — Special cases
Costs of enforcing a judgment
Recoverable costs
Court costs
LEGAL AID
Tourist destinations , travel tips
km
Horní Berounka nature park- the best preserved river valley in Bohemia
15 km
Rokycany - a picturesque historical town , the main town of the district
20 km
One or more applications were not found on the target server .
It is recommended to edit these applications and add the correct system locations .
Do you want to continue without editing these applications ?
Allow active content over restricted protocols to access my computer
Allow the installation of ActiveX controls that have invalid signatures
Disable Script Debugging ( Internet Explorer )
Disable Script Debugging ( Other )
Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 Source Files
Check for signatures on downloaded programs
Setup has detected an .INF file from the beta installation that will prevent successful installation of the Service Pack .
Please see " " " Deleting SpUpdSvc.inf before install " " " in the Read.me document accompanying this release for details on how to unblock the Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1 installation .
Controls the VGA display adapter to provide basic display capabilities .
Allow script-initiated windows without size or position constraints
Manages XML configuration files on a domain basis for automatic network provisioning .
Web sites can open new windows in a less restrictive Web content zone
Judgment of the Court of First Instance
of 31 May 2005
in Case T-105 / 03 Triantafyllia Dionyssopoulou v Council of the European Union
Officials
Staff report
Action for annulment
No longer any legal interest in bringing proceedings
Action for compensation
Language of the case : French
In Case T-105 / 03 : Triantafyllia Dionyssopoulou , a former official of the Council of the European Union , residing in Brussels ( Belgium ) , represented by F. Renard , lawyer , against Council of the European Union ( Agents : M. Sims and F. Anton ) — application , firstly , for annulment of the decision drawing up the applicant 's final staff report for the 1999 / 2001 period and , secondly , for compensation for the damage allegedly suffered by her — the Court of First Instance ( First Chamber ) , composed of J.D. Cooke , President , R. García-Valdecasas and I. Labucka , Judges ; I. Natsinas , Administrator , for the Registrar , gave a judgment on 31 May 2005 , the operative part of which is as follows :
There is no need to adjudicate on the claims for annulment ;
The claims for compensation are rejected as unfounded ;
The parties shall bear their own costs .
Thank you .
But what about you ?
How have you been ?
What have you been doing ?
Well , they want me to race at Talladega next weekend , but I 'm not gonna do it .
Because I 'm done .
I 'm done with the racing , with driving .
Why would you do that ?
Because I 've really moved on .
I 've sent in my application to The Real World so I 'm hoping to hear back .
I 'm also thinking about getting a gun and dealing crack .
Being a crack dealer , but not like a mean crack dealer , but like a You know , like a nice one .
Just kind of friendly , like , " Hey what 's up , guys ?
You want some crack ? "
I 'm just waiting on those two things to kind of flesh themselves out .
Example : Atdisk .
If this service fails to start during startup , the ErrorControl property specifies the severity of the error .
The value indicates the action taken by the startup program if failure occurs .
All errors are logged by the computer system .
The computer system does not notify the user of \ " Ignore \ " errors .
With \ " Normal \ " errorsthe user is notified .
With \ " Severe \ " errors , the system is restarted with the last-known-good configuration .
Finally , on \ " Critical \ " errors the system attempts to restart with a good configuration .
Ignore
Normal
Severe
Critical
The ServiceType property supplies the type of service provided to calling processes .
Kernel Driver
File System Driver
| — Agricultural duties ( Chapter 10 )
It will be much simpler for both of us if you will allow me to hypnotise you .
 Well , that  s decided then ,  said Richard , standing up ,  I  m going to the police . 
The castle was not large by the era ’ s standards .
Originally , the castle was only a tower with simple defensive battlements .
A pause , and then , tonelessly :
" You ambushing bastard Eddie Dean of New York .
You have ten seconds .
" Nineteen , " Eddie said through the door .
" Incorrect password . "
And , tin man or not , there was no mistaking the furious pleasure in Andy 's voice .
" Ninety-nine . "
Now what Eddie heard was triumph .
He had time to regret his insane cockiness out on the road .
Time to see the look of terror which passed between Rosa and Tian .
Time to realize the dogs were still barking .
Not nineteen ; not ninety-nine .
What else was there ?
What in the name of Christ turned the bastard off ?
" ... three ... "
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 89
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 143
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 102
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 144
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendments 156 + 166 + 179
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 157
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 38cp
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendments 38 + 157cp
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 180
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendments 140 + 141
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 40
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 145
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 160
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendments 111 + 129
Jackson report A6-0466 / 2006 — Amendment 146
You okay ?
It 's me .
Alice ?
Katya .
What are you doing here ?
Did you do this ?
Where 's Alice ?
Where ... is Alice ?
Have you lost your mind ?
I 'm telling her about us .
And Anonymous .
Darling .
What did you call her ?
Katya ... my wife , Alice .
Hello .
The general rules on time limits for civil procedures are laid down in Sections 103-111 of Act III of 1952 on the Code of Civil Procedure .
4 .
When an act or a formality has to be carried out within a given period , what is the starting time – i.e. the initial moment from which the period runs ( “ terminus a quo ” ) – of this act or of this formality ?
" Time limits expressed in days shall be exclusive of the first day .
The first day shall be the date on which the action or any other event ( e.g. service , announcement ) that grounds the commencement of a time limit takes place . "
The starting time for the time limit within which an application for revision of a decision can be submitted – unless it begins to run from the date of cognizance or removal of the obstacle – is the day on which the injurious decision becomes final ( Section 261 of the Code of Civil Procedure Act ) .
The time limit for filing for redress against decisions that become final with the judgment of the court of second instance ( application for retrial or revision ) , however , begins to run from the day on which the decision in the appeal case has been communicated to the party concerned ( it has been transmitted to the party concerned ) .
4.a ) Can the starting point from which the period runs be affected or modified by the method of transmission or service of documents ( personal service by a huissier or postal service ) ?
The Code of Civil Procedure Act does not make any distinction between the different methods of transmission .
5 .
Further information Links to websites :
Courts in the Czech Republic Records of court certified experts , translators and interpreters The European Judicial Network in Civil and Commercial Matters – information sheets on divorce The Association of Mediators of the Czech Republic Consulting services for marriages , families and interpersonal relations «
Last update : 13-07-2007
The Protocol to the Fisheries Agreement between the European Community and Republic of Guinea-Bissau expires on 15 June 2006 .
The extension of the Protocol is concluded for one year .
The Protocol sets out the financial contribution , the types of fishing and the conditions governing the fishing activities of Community vessels in the fishing zones of Guinea-Bissau .
The two parties agreed in December 2005 to extend this Agreement , mainly in order to give the Government of the Republic of Guinea-Bissau time to prepare itself as well as possible for negotiations on a future partnership agreement , taking account of the political context ( elections in June 2005 and change of Government in November 2005 ) , and to implement the action programme to support the control and inspection required for the sustainable development of the fisheries sector .
This extension should thus enable the new Government to conduct negotiations under reasonable conditions and within reasonable deadlines , without suspending either the Agreement or the annual financial compensation , which is essential for balancing the budget of the State of Guinea-Bissau .
The two parties agreed to extend the Protocol for one year , from 16 June 2006 to 15 June 2007 .
| Networking Event takes place .
| June 2006 | Member States and Europol .
'And do you want to be helpful too ? ' he said .
'If I can be , ' said the dwarf .
'Please follow me .
It would be preferable if the sergeant did not accompany you.'
'Why ? '
'The obvious reason , ' said Ardent .
'She is openly female.'
'What ?
So ? Sergeant Angua is very definitely not a dwarf , ' said Vimes .
'You do .
But could we just , together , for a moment , proceed to my office and discuss matters ? '
'I 'll be fine , sir , ' said Angua .
'It 's probably the best way .
' Vimes tried to relax .
Those silent watchers in the street had got through to him , and the look he 'd got from Helmclever needed some thinking about .
“ Perico gave it to me at the bodega , ” he explained .
“ I ’ ll be back when I have the sardines .
I ’ ll keep yours and mine together on ice and we can share them in the morning .
When I come back you can tell me about the baseball . ”
“ The Yankees cannot lose . ”
“ But I fear the Indians of Cleveland . ”
“ Have faith in the Yankees my son .
Think of the great DiMaggio . ”
“ I fear both the Tigers of Detroit and the Indians of Cleveland . ”
“ Be careful or you will fear even the Reds of Cincinnati and the White Sox of Chicago . ”
“ You study it and tell me when I come back . ”
Tomorrow is the eighty-fifth day . ”
“ We can do that , ” the boy said .
“ It could not happen twice .
“ One sheet . That ’ s two dollars and a half .
" Civilians ? "
" Nope , " Yeager said .
He was a lanky man with enormous yellow teeth .
" Two of them were pretty obviously professional muscle . "
" You know the type , " Tufton said as Yeager paused to probe again at his teeth .
" The third one , " Yeager said , " was one of the Carramazzas . "
" One of the immediate family , too . "
He scrubbed his tongue over his lowers .
Governments change , the lies remain .
What else do we know about Janus ?
Top-flight arms dealers , HQ in St Petersburg .
Restocked the Iraqis during the Gulf Wvar .
The head man 's unreliably described .
No photographs .
The woman , Onatopp , is our only confirmed contact .
Would you like a drink ?
Thank you .
Ice ?
Yes .
" Say , Fihen , you 're always up on the latest scuttlebutt .
Has anyone figured out yet who 's invading us ? "
" Well , I know a chimmie in the Coordinator 's office who told me she had a friend on the Intelligence Staif who thought the bastards were Soro , or maybe Tandu . "
" Tandu !
You 're kidding I hope . "
Simon sounded aghast , and Fiben had to agree .
Some thoughts just weren 't to be contemplated .
" Ah well , my guess is it 's probably just a bunch of Linten gardeners dropping by to make sure we 're treating the plants all right . "
Simon laughed and Fiben felt glad .
Having a cheerful wingman was worth more than a reserve officer 's half pay .
He got his tiny space skiff back onto its assigned trajectory .
The scoutboat-purchased only a few months back from a passing Xatinni scrap hauler-was actually quite a bit older than his own sapient race .
While his ancestors were still harassing baboons beneath African trees , this fighter had seen action under distant suns-controlled by the hands , claws , tentacles of other poor creatures similarly doomed to skirmish and die in pointless interstellar struggles .
Fiben had only been allowed two weeks to study schematics and remember enough Galactiscript to read the instruments .
Fortunately , designs changed slowly in the aeons-old Galactic culture , and there were basics most spacecraft shared in common .
I need a drink .
Do you have any beer , coyote ugly ?
This is an excellent transcript .
You should be very proud , but what can I tell you ?
I need you .
Excuse me .
What is the big deal ?
Grants were awarded for 62 conferences and seminars , 26 information campaigns , 9 audiovisual productions , 5 publications , 2 participations in fairs , 1 visit and 1 E-learning programme on the CAP .
Now , I don 't know if you realize this , but several NBA teams are interested in you right now .
At this point in time , I can 't tell you who , but I will tell you they are contenders .
Now , I know you 've considered jumping straight to the pros .
The money is there .
I have the contacts .
Right here , Jesus , is a contract .
This makes me your agent .
This allows me to represent you .
I will take you to the top .
I can 't do that right now .
I have to weigh my options .
How much does your watch cost ? 89.95 .
What you are , where you came from- "
" O gods , I don 't want to hear it . "
Thorn turned .
The intercom came alive .
" When you want , you can come out , Thorn .
I don 't think badly of you .
Not in this .
Even a hatani can take wounds .
This is a great one .
Come out when you can face me .
I 'll wait for you .
I 'll be waiting , Thorn . "
He was dry-eyed when he came out .
He unlocked the door and walked out into the hall , and down the hall into the main room .
Duun was there , sitting on the riser that touched the wall .
This was the appearance of a dirty slip of parchment , which slipped out of the volume and fell upon the floor .
My uncle pounced upon this shred with incredible avidity .
An old document , enclosed an immemorial time within the folds of this old book , had for him an immeasurable value .
" What 's this ? " he cried .
And he laid out upon the table a piece of parchment , five inches by three , and along which were traced certain mysterious characters .
Here is the exact facsimile .
The Professor mused a few moments over this series of characters ; then raising his spectacles he pronounced :
But , what on earth is their meaning ? "
Runic letters appearing to my mind to be an invention of the learned to mystify this poor world , I was not sorry to see my uncle suffering the pangs of mystification .
At least , so it seemed to me , judging from his fingers , which were beginning to work with terrible energy .
" It is certainly old Icelandic , " he muttered between his teeth .
And Professor Liedenbrock must have known , for he was acknowledged to be quite a polyglot .
Not that he could speak fluently in the two thousand languages and twelve thousand dialects which are spoken on the earth , but he knew at least his share of them .
At that moment our good housekeeper Martha opened the study door , saying :
" Dinner is ready ! "
The feast was in honour of his three new lieutenants , Tanth Ein , Faralin Ferd , and Eline Tal .
These friends of his childhood supplanted Dathka and Laintal Ay , who were now relegated to the chase .
Batalix was down , the other sentinel would follow in an hour .
From her eyrie , Vry saw the common people of Oldorando – whether or not further on with their hopes – coming home .
Among them was the thin crooked shape of Shay Tal .
Shay Tal returned to the tower with Amin Lim , looking grimy and tired .
Since the murder of Master Datnil , she had become increasingly remote .
The curse of silence had fallen on her too .
Despite the aid of slaves , she had no success .
People who went to look at the earth-work being thrown up laughed , openly or secretly , for the stepped walls of the pyramid went on down into the earth without feature .
Moved by both pity and her own loneliness , Vry went down to speak to Shay Tal .
The sorceress seemed to have precious little that was magical about her , almost alone among the women of Oldorando , she still wore the old clumsy furs , hanging ungracefully about her body , giving her an outdated air .
Everyone else was in hoxneys .
Afflicted by the older woman 's woebegone air , Vry could not resist giving some advice .
The ground is full of the dark and the past – do stop scratching there . "
" That 's ever so nice .
When is it going to be ? "
" By and by .
Maybe about vacation . "
" Oh , won 't it be fun !
You going to have all the girls and boys ? "
" Yes , every one that 's friends to me -- or wants to be " ; and she glanced ever so furtively at Tom , but he talked right along to Amy Lawrence about the terrible storm on the island , and how the lightning tore the great sycamore tree " all to flinders " while he was " standing within three feet of it . "
" Oh , may I come ? " said Grace Miller .
" Yes . "
" And me ? " said Sally Rogers .
" Yes . "
" And me , too ? " said Susy Harper .
" And Joe ? "
" Yes . "
And so on , with clapping of joyful hands till all the group had begged for invitations but Tom and Amy .
European Commission - European Judicial Network - Enforcement of judgements - Romania THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10-09-2007 Enforcement of judgements - Romania TABLE OF CONTENTS What does enforcement mean in civil and commercial matters ?
What are the conditions under which an enforceable title or decision may be issued ?
The procedure Substantive conditions Object and nature of enforcement measures What types of assets may be subject to enforcement ?
What are the effects of enforcement measures ?
What is the validity of such measures ?
Is there a possibility of appeal against the decision granting such a measure ?
1 .
What does enforcement mean in civil and commercial matters ?
Please provide a definition of enforcement The provisions regarding enforcement in civil and commercial matters are contained in articles 372-580 of Romania ’ s Code of Civil Procedure .
Under the Romanian legal system , the enforcement represents the second stage in civil or commercial proceedings , and its main objective is to ensure effective and efficient recognition of rights conferred by a court decision or out-of-court settlement .
As a result , the enforcement procedure enables the holder of a right established by a judiciary or non-judiciary decision to oblige the ( natural or legal ) person that infringed the right to comply with it and restore the rule of law with the support of the competent state authorities .
Please make a list of enforcement measures that can oblige constraint the offender to take action , to prevent him / her from taking action or to pay a certain sum The Romanian Code of Civil Procedure provides a list of direct and indirect enforcement measures .
" What ... ? "
" I know it sounds crazy , and everybody says it was hallucinations , but if that was hallucinations then I have hallucinations in big screen 3D with 16-track Dolby Stereo and should probably hire myself out to people who are bored with shark movies .
It was as if the ground was literally ripped from under my feet , and ... and ... "
She patted the grass lightly , as if for reassurance , and then seemed to change her mind about what she was going to say .
" And I woke up in hospital .
I suppose I 've been in and out ever since .
She looked up at him .
Arthur had simply ceased to worry himself about the strange anomalies surrounding his return to his home world , or rather had consigned them to that part of his mind marked " Things to think about - Urgent . "
" Here is the world , " he had told himself .
" Here , for whatever reason , is the world , and here it stays .
With me on it . "
But now it seemed to go swimmy around him , as it had that night in the car when Fenchurch 's brother had told him the silly stories about the CIA agent in the reservoir .
The lake went swimmy , but this was perfectly natural and nothing to be alarmed by because a grey goose had just landed on it .
The geese were having a great relaxed time and had no major answers they wished to know the questions to .
" Anyway , " said Fenchurch , suddenly and brightly and with a wideeyed smile , " there is something wrong with part of me , and you 've got to find out what it is .
For each operational programme , the Member State appoints : a managing authority ( a national , regional or local public authority or public / private body to manage the operational programme ) ; a certification body ( a national , regional or local public authority or body to certify the statement of expenditure and the payment applications before their transmission to the Commission ) ; an auditing body ( a national , regional or local public authority or body for each operational programme to oversee the efficient running of the management and monitoring system ) .
New rules to simplify the financial management of the funds One programme = one fund From this , the ERDF and the ESF can each finance in a complementary and limited fashion actions falling within the scope of the assistance of another fund ( this is limited to no more than 10 % of the resources allocated by the Community to each priority area of an operational programme )
The exception to this rule is that the ERDF and the Cohesion Fund intervene jointly for programmes covering infrastructure and environment .
Commitments Budgetary commitments relating to the operational programmes are made per annual proportion , for each fund and each objective .
The Commission commits the first annual proportion before the adoption of the operational programme .
Afterwards , it commits the proportions by 30 April of each year , at the latest .
Automatic decommitment :
A portion of the budgetary commitment is automatically decommitted by the Commission if it has not been used or if no payment application has been received by the end of the second year following that of the budgetary commitment ( n + 2 )
For Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Greece , Cyprus , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Malta , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia and Slovakia , the deadline is set for the end of the third year ( n + 3 ) between 2007 and 2010 , under their operational programmes .
Conditions for financing :
Lisbon " targeting " :
From now onwards the funds must target the priorities of the European Union regarding the promotion of competitiveness and job creation ( Lisbon strategy ) .
The Commission and the Member States oversee that 60 % of the expenditure of all Member States for Convergence and 75 % of the expenditure for Competitiveness and Employment target these priorities .
Click here ( PDF , 79KB ) to view the categories of expenditure .
We 've no Truthsayer . "
" Is there a traitor among us ? " she asked .
" I 've studied our people with great care .
Who could it be ?
Not Gurney .
Certainly not Duncan .
Their lieutenants are not strategically enough placed to consider .
It 's not you , Thufir .
It cannot be Paul .
I know it 's not me .
Dr. Yueh , then ?
Shall I call him in and put him to the test ? "
" You know that 's an empty gesture , " Hawat said .
" He 's conditioned by the High College .
That I know for certain . "
It was directed to M. Emmitt Broon , the warden of Trumble .
In terse but standard language the supervisor said he 'd reviewed the logs from Trumble and was bothered by the number of visits by one Trevor Carson , attorney for three of the inmates .
Lawyer Carson had reached the point of logging in almost every day .
While every inmate certainly had a constitutional right to meet with his attorney , the prison likewise had the power to regulate the traffic .
Begirming immediately , attorney-client visits would be restricted to Tuesdays , Thursdays , and Saturdays , between the hours of 3 and 6 p.m.
Exceptions would be granted liberally for good cause shown .
The new policy would be utilized for a period of ninety days , after which time it would be reviewed .
He too had grown suspicious of Trevor 's almost daily appearances .
He 'd questioned the front desk and the guards in a vain effort to determine what , exactly , was the nature of all this legal work .
Link , the guard who usually escorted Trevor to the conference room , and who usually pocketed a couple of twenties on each visit , told the warden that the lawyer and Mr. Spicer talked about cases and appeals and such .
" Just a bunch of law crap , " Link said .
" And you always search his briefcase ? " the warden had asked .
" Always , " Link had replied .
Out of courtesy , the warden dialed the number of Mr. Trevor Carson in Neptune Beach .
" Mr. Trevor Carson , please . "
Tree-hugger .
Knuckle dragger .
Veggieburger .
All right , all right .
That 's enough , you two .
Listen , Girl Scout , they 're dumb animals .
I 'm just respecting the natural order :
But your bear Now , now , your bear is special .
He belongs somewhere in the middle .
Between two slices of rye , smothered in gravy .
You 're a sick , sick , twisted puppy , Shaw .
Put me down for a box of Thin Mints , will you , sweetie ?
Six-toed gun monkey .
Boog , come on , let 's get out of here .
Please , please .
Mrs. Lieberman .
Who did you think it was ?
What was going on here last night ?
Last night ?
Army manoeuvres maybe ?
I 'll never invite those people again .
What you get from renting to bachelors .
All night I didn 't sleep ten minutes .
And I 'm sure you woke up Dr.
Dreyfuss .
I 'm warning you , Mr. Baxter .
This is a respectable house , not a honky-tonky .
Come on , Oscar .
Operator , I want White Plains , New York .
Mr. JD Sheldrake .
Sestava TJ Dvůr Králové :
The apparatus had to be taken down piece by piece .
First , they took out the mixing reservoir , then the one belonging to the cylinder , and lastly the tank in which the decomposition of the water was effected .
Then it was that Joe showed wonderful adroitness .
In his naked feet , so as not to scratch the covering , he succeeded by the aid of the network , and in spite of the oscillations of the balloon , in climbing to the upper extremity , and after a thousand difficulties , in holding on with one hand to that slippery surface , while he detached the outside screws that secured the pipes in their place .
These were then easily taken out , and drawn away by the lower end , which was hermetically sealed by means of a strong ligature .
The Victoria , relieved of this considerable weight , rose upright in the air and tugged strongly at the anchor-rope .
The night was calm .
A few clouds broke against the last quarter of the moon , whose uncertain rays scarcely pierced the darkness .
Ferguson , resting his elbows on the rim of the car , gazed attentively around him .
He watched with close attention the dark screen of foliage that spread beneath him , hiding the ground from his view .
He was in that mood which solitude makes more keenly felt , and during which vague terrors mount to the brain .
At the close of such a journey , after having surmounted so many obstacles , and at the moment of touching the goal , one 's fears are more vivid , one 's emotions keener .
Moreover , the present situation had nothing very consolatory about it .
They were in the midst of a barbarous country , and dependent upon a vehicle that might fail them at any moment .
Kennedy , while still rubbing his eyes , which he could scarcely keep open , calmly lit his pipe .
Done at Brussels , 16 May 1994 .
For the Commission René STEICHEN Member of the Commission ( 1 ) OJ No L 373 , 31 . 12 . 1990 , p .
European Commission - European Judicial Network - Legal order - Cyprus THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10-12-2009 Legal order - Cyprus This page will soon be available in the language requested .
Please accept our apologies for the delay .
For the moment , the languages available are :
Last update : 10-12-2009
So much for the traveller to discover and explore and all made much easier thanks to the European Union ( EU ) .
You can cross many borders within the EU without being checked and the euro makes it easier to shop around for bargains .
You have easy access to healthcare should you need it and pets no longer have to be left at home .
If you drive , your driving licence and motor insurance policy issued in one EU country are valid in all the others .
And you can use your mobile phone everywhere .
For more information , helpful tips and a map of Europe , see inside .
Single copy Subscription
In all the above cases the delivery of the copy is certified with a receipt drawn up free of duty below the report of the service mentioned hereunder under reference number 6 , on the following working day the latest the server of the document has to post to the addressee a written notice which must inform the latter about the type of the document served , the address of the residence where it was pasted up , the date of the service , the authority which received the document and the delivery date .
The postage of the notice is certified with a receipt drawn up and signed free of duty by the server , below the report of the service ( mentioned hereunder under reference number 6 ) .
The post office by which the notice was sent and the name of the official who received and countersigned it ( Code of Civil Procedure 128.4 ) must be included in the certificate .
If none of the people mentioned in paragraph 1 is in the store , the office or the lab , the provisions of article 128 , paragraph 4 of the Code of Civil Procedure ( Code of Civil Procedure 129.2 ) .
If the addressee of the service or the persons mentioned in articles 128 and 129 refuse to receive the document or sign the report of the service or if they are unable to sign it , the server pastes up the document on the door of the residence , the office , the store or the lab in front of a witness ( Code of Civil Procedure 130.1 ) .
If the addressee of the service does not have a permanent place of residence , an office , a store or a lab or refuses to receive the document or is unable to do so or refuses to sign the report of the service and such refusal or inability is confirmed by a witness engaged by the server for that particular purpose , the report is handed to the persons mentioned in article 128 , paragraph 4 , subparagraph b ( Code of Civil Procedure 130 , paragraph 2 ) .
If the addressee of the service is in hospital or is incarcerated and not possible to contact , in accordance with a certificate by the head of the hospital or prison attached to the report of the service , the document may as well be served to the head of the hospital or prison , who is obliged to hand it to its addressee ( Code of Civil Procedure 131 ) .
If the addressee of the service works on a merchant ship which docks in a Greek port and if he is not present or refuses to receive the document or refuses to sign the report or is unable to do so , the document is served to the captain of the ship or to his deputy and if they too are not present or refuse to receive it , the document is served to the port authority chief , who is obliged to notify the addressee of the service ( Code of Civil Procedure 132.1 )
If the addressee of the service works on a merchant ship which does not dock in a Greek port , the document is served at their residence , in accordance with article 128 and if they do not have a permanent place of residence the document is served according to the provisions about service to persons of unknown residence .
In any case the document is also served at the office of the ship owner in Greece otherwise at the office of the ship agent in a Greek port , if there is one ( Code of Civil Procedure 132.2 ) .
If the unit , division or department the document is served to the chief of the correspondent service , for officers , lieutenants and seamen of the navy the document is served to the chief of the navy general staff , for officers , lieutenants and airmen of the air force the document is served to the chief of the air force general staff , for officers and lieutenants of the town police , the gendarmerie and the port police corps and for policemen , gendarmes and port guards the document is served to the head of their relevant department , for persons belonging to the lighthouse , port signal lights and port radio station personnel , the document is served to the port authority chief of the area where they work ( Code of Civil Procedure ) .
If addressee of the service resides or has his / her seat abroad , the document is served to the public prosecutor of the court in which the trial is pending or it is bound to be held or which handed down the ruling served and in case of trials in the Justice of Peace , the document is served to the public prosecutor of the regional court in the district of which the Justice of Peace belongs .
Documents concerning the execution are served to the public prosecutor of the regional court in the district of which the execution is conducted and extra judicial acts are served to the public prosecutor competent in the latter or current place of residence of the addressee abroad and if there is no place of residence known abroad they are served to the public prosecutor of the capital regional court ( Code of Civil Procedure 132.1 ) .
Once the public prosecutor has received the document he has to send it without any intentional delay to the Minister of Foreign Affairs who is obliged to transfer it to the addressee ( Code of Civil Procedure 134.3 )
If the place or the exact address of residence of the addressee is unknown , the provisions of article 134 , paragraph 1 apply and at the same time a summary of the notice served is published in two daily newspaper one of which must be issued in Athens and the other in the seat of the court otherwise they must both be issued in Athens on the instruction of the public prosecutor to whom the document is served .
Quiet .
The first time was when I was 6 .
I was on my way home from a picnic with my grandparents .
It was dark and we got lost , driving down a dirt road .
Grandpa lost control of the car and we went into a ditch .
There was this blinding white light .
But the aliens weren 't interested in my grandparents .
They floated me up out of the car using some sort of gravitational ray .
That 's it .
I 've had enough .
I 'm gonna get some ice cream .
I remember lying on a table .
It was cold , smooth and shiny .
The aliens surrounded me .
They were bald with huge marshmallowy heads and tiny arms .
| EUR / t
In Greek : Επιδότηση για το ρύζι που αποστέλλεται στη Réunion και έχει προκαθορισθεί στις … ( ημερομηνία υποβολής της αίτησης για το έγγραφο )
In French : Subvention riz Réunion préfixée le … ( date du dépôt de la demande du document )
In Italian : Sovvenzione riso Riunione prefissata il … ( giorno in cui è stato richiesto il documento )
In Lithuanian : Rejunjono ryžių subsidija … ( data , kurią buvo pateikta paraiška dokumentui )
Transposal of European directives is currently governed by a specific enabling statute dated 9 August 1971 , as amended on 8 December 1980 , which merely empowers the Government to execute and authorise directives from the European Communities in matters relating to economics , technology , agriculture , forestry , social affairs and transport .
As an exception to the standard regulatory procedure , the regulations in question must have received the assent of the working committee of the Chamber of Deputies .
In the procedure for adopting Grand-Ducal regulations , as in the legislative procedure , the government is required to submit the draft text to the Council of State and the Chambers representing professional groups .
Unlike the legislative procedure , the regulatory procedure allows the government to avoid such consultations by designating the measure in question as urgent .
This option is not available to the Government if it intends to transpose a European directive by means of a regulation .
The Act of 9 August 1971 complements the standard regulatory procedure by requiring compulsory consultation of the Council of State and the assent of the working committee of the Chamber of Deputies .
In either case , the draft of the Grand-Ducal regulation is approved by the Council of Ministers , then signed by the relevant Minister and submitted to the Grand Duke .
The regulation comes into force after its publication in the “ Mémorial ” .
5 .
International sources of law Article 37 of the Luxembourg Constitution provides that “ The Grand Duke makes treaties ” .
However , it also adds “ treaties shall have no effect until they have been ratified by statute and published in the manner prescribed for the publication of statutes ” .
It will be noted that ratification is required for all international treaties , irrespective of their purpose , and that this ratification must be given by statute .
This last specification was inserted in 1956 following a specific request from the Council of State which felt that “ assent is tied to the preparation of law , as the Constitution only recognises the single procedure that applies to all expressions of the Chamber ’ s will , whatever the matter ” .
National sources According to the Luxembourg Constitution , legislative power belongs jointly to the Grand Duke and the Chamber of Deputies and no statute can exist without the joint consent of the two branches of legislative power ( article 46 of the Constitution ) .
Each of the two branches of legislative power has the right to introduce legislation .
No , thanks .
Welcome back .
Thank you .
Hey . This is your problem , now .
Thank you .
You did a marvellous job in obtaining the knife .
You will be spending the next few days at the house of a certain friend .
When will we be contacted about the knife ?
That 's him .
If he doesn 't return my property , I want him arrested .
Welcome home , Mr Jarrell .
You have something for me .
I 'm sorry , Numsy .
I should be punished !
Everyone , I have stolen from my brother , Numsy .
'This is infuriating ! ' Lady Envy snapped .
Sparks exploded ten paces away , insufficient light for Toe to discern anything more than the vague twisting of arms and shoulders .
He shot a glance at Mok and Senu .
The latter still crouched at the hearth , studiously tending to the supper .
The twin-scarred eldest stood motionless , watching the duel - though it seemed unlikely he could see any better than Toe could .
More sparks rained through the night .
Lady Envy stifled a giggle , one hand to her mouth .
'I take it you can see in the dark , Lady , ' Toe murmured .
'Oh yes .
An old memory , dredged free when you first identified these as Seguleh .
Anomander Rake once crossed blades with a score of Seguleh , one after the other .
He 'd paid an unannounced visit to the island - knowing nothing of the inhabitants .
Taking human form and fashioning a mask for himself , he elected to walk down the city 's main thoroughfare .
Then the blades collided once again .
'Two bells .
Visací Zámek - PUNK ( recenze CD Punk ! z časopisu SPARK )
Nekrácený rozhovor VZ1 a Františka Kovače pro REPORT ( převzato z webu FK , leden 2003 )
About us
Jam it in that crack .
There . "
Jack held up the head and jammed the soft throat down on the pointed end of the stick which pierced through into the mouth .
He stood back and the head hung there , a little blood dribbling down the stick .
They listened , and the loudest noise was the buzzing of flies over the spilled guts .
Maurice and Robert skewered the carcass , lifted the dead weight , and stood ready .
In the silence , and standing over the dry blood , they looked suddenly furtive .
Jack spoke loudly .
" This head is for the beast .
It 's a gift . "
The silence accepted the gift and awed them .
The head remained there , dim-eyed , grinning faintly , blood blackening between the teeth .
All at once they were running away , as fast as they could , through the forest toward the open beach .
Simon stayed where he was , a small brown image , concealed by the leaves .
Even if he shut his eyes the sow 's head still remained like an after-image .
Council Regulation ( EU ) No 670 / 2010 of 13 July 2010 amending Regulation ( EC ) No 974 / 98 as regards the introduction of the euro in Estonia
Member States may verify the authenticity of “ secure operator ” status with the competent focal point .
4 .
It shall inform the other Member States and the Commission forthwith and shall bring the matter before the committee set up by Article 14 .
Articles 9 and 12 shall apply .
Article 7 Mutual recognition “ Secure operator ” status awarded in one Member State shall be recognised by the authorities in all Member States .
b ) it ensures that resources to counter possible security risks are made possible to that part of the supply chain for which it bears responsibility ;
c ) its security management system allows continuous improvements ;
d ) it meets the specific requirements provided for in the annexes .
e ) it meets the requirements under the rules referred to in article 3 ( 3 ) , where applicable .
2 .
“ Secure operator ” status shall be awarded for periods of three years .
The status may be renewed where the “ secure operator ” continues to meet the minimum requirements of this Regulation .
3 .
Article 9 Withdrawal or suspension of status 1 .
“ Secure operator ” status may also be withdrawn as a result of implementation and conformity checks carried out in accordance with Article 12 .
Not one .
Isn 't that nice ? '
Teatime had been thinking , in the cracking , buzzing firework display that was his head .
What he had been thinking about was immortality .
What ?
There 's something out here .
Okay .
He is sorry .
Bane left Hugh 's side , going over to the chamberlain 's pack to find his treat .
You see , sir , the king never really talked that much to the boy .
King Stephen was never quite ... uh ... comfortable in Bane 's presence . "
No , Hugh mused , Stephen must not have found it pleasant to look into the face of his shame .
Perhaps , in the boy 's features , the king saw a man he-and his queen-knew all too well .
The glow of the pipe died .
Knocking out the ashes , Hugh found a small twig and , splitting the end with his dagger , thrust it into the bowl and attempted to clean out the blockage .
He cast a glance at the boy and saw Bane still rummaging through the pack .
" You really believe this kid can do what he claims-sees pictures in the air-don 't you ? "
" I have seen him do it too many times to doubt .
And you must believe it too , sir , or else ... "
Hugh , pausing in his work , looked up at Alfred .
" Or else ?
That sounds very much like a threat . "
“ Make it quick ! ”
A few minutes later Tony returned with a coffin , nails , and a hammer .
He put the coffin down next to Laurie .
Tony put on the lid and was about to nail it shut when Angelo suggested putting more of the gas inside .
Tony held the cylinder under the lid and tried to fill the coffin .
Quickly he smelled the gas .
Pulling his hand out , he closed the lid .
“ Let ’ s hope it holds her , ” Angelo said .
“ Get one of those wagons over here . ”
He pointed to a gurney pushed against the far wall .
Tony wheeled the gurney over , while Angelo nailed down the coffin ’ s lid .
Then they both lifted the coffin onto it .
Tony threw the plastic bag and gas cylinder into the doctor ’ s bag and set the bag on top of the coffin .
Together he and Angelo wheeled the gurney out the door .
They headed for the loading dock .
Article 2
This Regulation shall enter into force on the third day following its publication in the Official Journal of the European Union .
Points 1 to 8 , 17 to 20 , 24 , 28 and 30 of Article 1 shall apply with effect from 1 May 2004 .
Points 9 to 15 , 31 , 32 and 33 of Article 1 shall apply with effect from 1 October 2005 .
Points 23 , 25 and 26 of Article 1 shall apply with effect from 1 July 2005 .
Points 22 , 27 and 29 of Article 1 shall apply with effect from 1 January 2006 .
However , the Member States may apply those points before that date .
In such cases , the Member States shall notify the Commission of the date of application .
The Commission shall publish this information .
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly applicable in all Member States .
Done at Brussels , 10 June 2005 .
For the Commission
Member of the Commission
Be careful , Al .
Alas ! Poor me !
None of my business !
If Mr. Fong really misses his son , he may come and visit him .
You are too cruel .
Well , I will kill myself in front of you .
Where is the wall ?
Where is the wall ?
Don 't do that !
Master , just let Sai Yuk come back for one day .
I don 't believe she will bump her head against the wall .
Let her try .
I 'm sure she won 't .
Okay , I will die in front of you .
Tai Yuk Tai Yuk ... ?
Tai Yuk , mom is going to die .
62 . Emphasises that pursuant to Article 12 of the OLAF Regulation , the Commission can draw up the list of suitably qualified candidates only after the OLAF Supervisory Committee has given a favourable opinion , i.e. that the Supervisory Committee must be given the opportunity to consider and assess all the applications before , on that basis , the Commission draws up the list of suitable candidates ;
Looks to the institutions involved to attach equal importance to neutrality , transparency and fairness when taking the decision on the appointment of the new OLAF Director-General in order to prevent any recurrence of the problems which affected the first appointment procedure [ 17 ] ;
European Commission - European Judicial Network - Taking of evidence and mode of proof - Cyprus THEMES Legal order Organisation of justice Legal professions Legal aid Jurisdiction of the courts Bringing a case to court Procedural time limits Applicable law Service of documents Taking of evidence and mode of proof Interim and precautionary measures Enforcement of judgements Simplified and accelerated procedures Divorce Parental responsibility Maintenance claims Bankruptcy Alternative dispute resolution Compensation to crime victims Automatic processing Last update : 10-12-2009 Taking of evidence and mode of proof - Cyprus This page will soon be available in the language requested .
Please accept our apologies for the delay .
For the moment , the languages available are :
Last update : 10-12-2009
Maybe you have a better way to handle it in England , but we 're tapped out .
I 'll let you know if I find anything .
Where are you staying ?
Excuse me .
Mark , you 're a day early .
I changed my flight .
I was eager to get here .
I was going to meet your flight .
Horace , say you 're glad to see me .
I 'm thrilled .
I 'm thrilled .
Luggage ?
I 've already been to the flat .
It 's very nice .
You son of a gun , I can 't tell you how glad I am you 're here .
In his forties , with graying hair and a permanently worried expression , Velasco was clearly preoccupied with other problems as he told Partridge , " It has been difficult to find space , but we have a booth for your editor , his equipment , and we 've run in two phone lines .
Your people will need security passes . . . "
Back in his hotel suite , Partridge ~ ad put a thousand dollars in an envelope which he produced and discreetly handed over .
" A small thank-you for your trouble , Sefior Velasco .
We 'll be seeing you again before we leave . "
For a moment Velasco looked embarrassed and Partridge wondered if he might refuse .
Then , glancing in the envelope and seeing U.S. currency , Velasco nodded and put it in a pocket .
" Thank you .
Oh , thank you .
Goodbye , Mr Oakley .
Mrs Potter .
Charlie , let 's see the town .
All right !
Master Lai-Xi , if we can 't find that river , you know that not everybody can walk out of the desert , alive .
I won 't let you die before we reach Chang-an .
It 's not your call after we go into Gobi desert .
3 .
4 .
| EUR / t
For those sent by registered mail , the postmark date will serve as a proof .
Please note that , due to the extremely large number of applications we receive , when reaching the deadline for submission of applications , the system may have problems to process the large amounts of data .
We therefore advise the applicants to send in their application well ahead of the closing date .
Note :
In the event of inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any of the other linguistic versions of this publication , the English language version shall prevail .
HAS DECIDED AS FOLLOWS :
Article 1
Scope
TARGET2-ECB may only :
process the ECB 's own payments ;
process payments of customers of the ECB ; and
supply settlement services to clearing and settlement organisations , including entities established outside the EEA , provided that they are subject to oversight by a competent authority and their access to TARGET2-ECB has been approved by the Governing Council .
The ECB may only accept central banks and European and international organisations as customers .
Article 2
Intraday credit
The ECB may only grant intraday credit to customers that are European or international organisations through overdrafts on such customers ' account ( s ) .
Overdrafts shall not at any time during the day exceed the amount defined in the agreement with the customer for each of the accounts .
Intraday credit granted by the ECB shall remain limited to the day in question , with no possibility of an extension to overnight credit .
Any granting of intraday credit by the ECB shall be done in accordance with the rules on the provision of intraday credit laid down in Annex III to Guideline ECB / 2007 / 2 .
Article 3
5 .
The Executive Director , the senior officials and the other members of the staff shall not carry out any gainful activity in any of the various sectors of the olive-growing and olive-products industry .
6 .
The Executive Director and the senior officials and staff shall not seek or receive instructions regarding their duties under this Agreement from any Member or from any authority external to the International Olive Council .
They shall refrain from any action which might reflect on their position as international officials responsible only to the Council of Members .
Members shall respect the exclusively international character of the responsibilities of the Executive Director , senior officials and staff and shall avoid influencing them in the discharge of their responsibilities .
2 .
The International Olive Council shall establish relations and draw up , as appropriate , special collaborative agreements with international or regional organisations or institutions of a financial nature , in particular with the Common Fund for Commodities .
Any collaborative agreement established between the International Olive Council and the aforementioned international organisations or institutions shall receive the prior approval of the Council of Members .
In respect of the implementation of any project under this Article , the International Olive Council shall not , in its capacity as an international commodity body , incur any financial obligation for guarantees given by individual Members or other entities .
No Member shall be responsible by reason of its membership in the International Olive Council for any liabilities arising from borrowing or lending by any other Member or entity in connection with such projects .
3 .
The International Olive Council shall , if necessary , keep UNCTAD informed of its activities and programs of work , bearing in mind the particular role of UNCTAD in international commodity trade .
- a technical cooperation budget ;
- a promotion budget .
Commission Decision
of 2 March 2005
on the aid scheme implemented by Italy for the reform of the training institutions
( notified under document number C ( 2005 ) 429 )
( Only the Italian version is authentic )
( Text with EEA relevance )
( 2006 / 225 / EC )
THE COMMISSION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITIES ,
Having regard to the Treaty establishing the European Community , and in particular the first subparagraph of Article 88 ( 2 ) thereof ,
Having regard to the Agreement on the European Economic Area , and in particular Article 62 ( 1 ) ( a ) thereof ,
Having regard to the decision C ( 2003 ) 793fin , by which the Commission decided to initiate the procedure laid down in Article 88 ( 2 ) of the Treaty , in respect of the aid C22 / 2003 ( ex NN168 / 2002 ) ,
Having called on interested parties to submit their comments pursuant to the provisions cited above , and having regard to their comments ,
PROCEDURE
By letter dated 27 May 2002 , registered on 31 May 2002 ( A / 14263 ) , the Commission received a complaint concerning the Decision No 57-5400 , of the Regional Executive of the Region Piemonte , of 25 February 2002 .
A request for information was addressed to the Italian authorities by letter D / 55115 of 13 September 2002 .
It don 't matter to me about us losing .
Does it to you ?
No , sir .
It was fun anyhow .
I wasn 't thinking about nothing else , just like you told me I 'd do .
Can we play every Saturday ?
If I ain 't too stove up .
I ain 't like you .
I 'm old and give out .
I 'm proud of you .
Where 'd you go to ?
I know , Mother .
That 's kind of sad .
I was drunk when I did it .
I 'm your boy .
1.4 wishes to encourage the development of cross-frontier services for the commuter market , which is far from negligible .
In this regard , it hopes that all necessary steps will be taken to ensure that the entry of new rail operators does not lead to the closure of non-profitable routes which are currently kept running by using tariff equalisation .
If you change an NEI its network credentials are lost .
You must then contact your CDPD service provider to reset its credentials .
Are you sure you want to save the changes ?
Do you want to save the changes ?
Invalid NEI
Invalid DNS
Invalid SPNI
Registered : % s
Registration denied
Article 59
Languages
The request or application form shall be completed in the official language of the requested Member State or , if there are several official languages in that Member State , in the official language or one of the official languages of the place of the Central Authority concerned , or in any other official language of the institutions of the European Union which that Member State has indicated it can accept , unless the Central Authority of that Member State dispenses with translation .
The documents accompanying the request or application form shall not be translated into the language determined in accordance with paragraph 1 unless a translation is necessary in order to provide the assistance requested , without prejudice to Articles 20 , 28 , 40 and 66 .
Any other communication between Central Authorities shall be in the language determined in accordance with paragraph 1 unless the Central Authorities agree otherwise .
Article 60
Meetings
In order to facilitate the application of this Regulation , Central Authorities shall meet regularly .
These meetings shall be convened in compliance with Decision 2001 / 470 / EC .
Article 61
Access to information for Central Authorities
Under the conditions laid down in this Chapter and by way of exception to Article 51 ( 4 ) , the requested Central Authority shall use all appropriate and reasonable means to obtain the information referred to in paragraph 2 necessary to facilitate , in a given case , the establishment , the modification , the recognition , the declaration of enforceability or the enforcement of a decision .
The public authorities or administrations which , in the course of their ordinary activities , hold , within the requested State , the information referred to in paragraph 2 and which control the processing thereof within the meaning of Directive 95 / 46 / EC shall , subject to limitations justified on grounds of national security or public safety , provide the information to the requested Central Authority at its request in cases where the requested Central Authority does not have direct access to it .
Member States may designate the public authorities or administrations able to provide the requested Central Authority with the information referred to in paragraph 2 .
Where a Member State makes such a designation , it shall ensure that its choice of authorities and administrations permits its Central Authority to have access , in accordance with this Article , to the information requested .
The section " Archives " at this site contains old publications , where the information is no longer complete and updated .
If you need more detailed information about the EU and its activities , or you have a specific question you want answered , contact the Europe Direct call center , either by e-mail or by calling the free phone number 00 800 6 7 8 9 10 11 from anywhere in the EU .
We would be pleased to read your comments about the Easy Reading Corner and our publications .
Please send them to our mail-box .
And so the general , long-term trends of evolution
are roughly these five : ubiquity , diversity , specialization ,
complexity and socialization . Now , I took that and said ,
OK , what are the long-term trends in technology ?
And again , my question is , what does technology want ?
And so , remarkably , I discovered
that there 's also a drift toward specialization .
That we see there 's a general hammer ,
and hammers become more and more specific over time .
There 's obviously diversity . Huge numbers of things .
This is all the contents of a Japanese home .
Reels for cables , piping and the like
Non-mechanical ventilators , guttering , hooks and like articles used in the building industry
Perforated buckets and similar articles of sheet used to filter water at the entrance to drains
Other articles of iron or steel
Sintered
Other
CHAPTER 74
COPPER AND ARTICLES THEREOF
Note
In this chapter , the following expressions have the meanings hereby assigned to them :
Refined copper :
Metal containing at least 99,85 % by weight of copper ; or
Metal containing at least 97,5 % by weight of copper , provided that the content by weight of any other element does not exceed the limit specified in the following table :
Other elements
Copper alloys :
Haematology : No interference .
Prothrombin time ( PT ) and activated partial thromboplastin time ( aPTT ) can be accurately determined using methods that are mechanical , magnetic , and light scattering .
Optical methods are not reliable for coagulation assays in the presence of Oxyglobin .
Urinalysis :
Sediment examination is accurate .
Dipstick measurements ( i. e . , pH , glucose , ketones , protein ) are inaccurate while gross discolouration of the urine is present .
60 ml infusion bag .
125 ml infusion bag .
Not all pack sizes may be marketed . 17
Omer .
How do you solve a problem that isn 't possible in the first place ?
Because nothing seems impossible to me anymore .
I mean , why did I move into your apartment in the first place ?
Why can I see you when no one else can ?
I mean , why was I down in that restaurant when that guy collapsed ?
It all seems interrelated somehow .
What are you doing ?
I don 't know .
I feel like I missed something here .
Wait a second .
Rosemary Preston lives right here in San Francisco .
We could go talk to her .
I 'll call Information , maybe she 's listed .
Where did you get this ?
I I took it .
Case T-415 / 09 : Action brought on 14 October 2009 — New Yorker SHK Jeans v OHIM — Vallis K — Vallis A ( FISHBONE )
10 .
SPECIAL PRECAUTIONS FOR DISPOSAL OF UNUSED MEDICINAL PRODUCTS OR WASTE MATERIALS DERIVED FROM SUCH MEDICINAL PRODUCTS , IF APPROPRIATE 11 .
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER Abbott Laboratories Ltd Queenborough Kent ME11 5EL United Kingdom 12 .
MARKETING AUTHORISATION NUMBER ( S ) EU / 1 / 99 / 117 / 001 13 .
15 .
INSTRUCTIONS ON USE 16 .
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT AND ROUTE ( S ) OF ADMINISTRATION SYNAGIS 50 mg powder for solution for injection Palivizumab Intramuscular use 2 .
Department of Radio Engineering FEE CTU Prague - X37MTT - Multimedia Technology and Television - Resources
[ CZ ] [ EN ]
X37MTT - Multimedia Technology and Television - Resources
In the cases referred to in this paragraph , a State becomes bound by an amendment when that amendment enters into force , or when this Protocol enters into force for that State , if later .
ARTICLE 24 Depositary 1 This Protocol and any amendments adopted under Article 23 shall be deposited with the Secretary-General .
Gone .
Hub , take a look .
It 's all here , every component .
Detcord , Semtex .
Just like the bus .
We got ' em .
Three men were reported killed today after a shoot-out with the FBI in a quiet neighborhood in Brooklyn .
There are reports of a link between the victims , who were reported to be Arab-speaking , and the bombers of bus 87 .
You 'd be happier as a human .
I mean , what can I offer you except rats and a choice of fleas ?
Angua howled .
The hairs that still remained on Gaspode 's back stood on end .
He tried to remember which was his jugular vein .
'I don 't want to have to come in there and get you , ' he said .
Truth rang on every word .
'The thing is . . . the actual thing is . . . I will , though , ' he added , trembling .
He thought some more , and sighed .
'Oh , I remember .
It 's the one in the throat , ' he said .
Clouds were blowing in from the Hub .
And — ' Detritus ? '
Dink .
'Who 're all these people ? '
BibTeX
Department of Cybernetics , Faculty of Applied Sciences , University of West Bohemia in Pilsen www.kky.zcu.cz | 8 June 2009 18 : 33 : 07 CEST
In combination with capecitabine , for patients 60 years of age or more , a starting dose reduction of capecitabine to 75 % is recommended ( see capecitabine summary of product characteristics ) .
4.3 Contraindications Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients .
Docetaxel must not be used in patients with baseline neutrophil count of < 1,500 cells / mm3 .
Docetaxel must not be used in pregnant or breast-feeding women .
It is sometimes difficult to assess whether an internally generated intangible asset qualifies for recognition because of problems in :
identifying whether and when there is an identifiable asset that will generate expected future economic benefits ; and
determining the cost of the asset reliably .
In some cases , the cost of generating an intangible asset internally cannot be distinguished from the cost of maintaining or enhancing the entity 's internally generated goodwill or of running day-to-day operations .
Therefore , in addition to complying with the general requirements for the recognition and initial measurement of an intangible asset , an entity applies the requirements and guidance in paragraphs 52-67 to all internally generated intangible assets .
To assess whether an internally generated intangible asset meets the criteria for recognition , an entity classifies the generation of the asset into :
a research phase ; and
a development phase .
Although the terms research and development are defined , the terms research phase and development phase have a broader meaning for the purpose of this standard .
If an entity cannot distinguish the research phase from the development phase of an internal project to create an intangible asset , the entity treats the expenditure on that project as if it were incurred in the research phase only .
Research phase
No intangible asset arising from research ( or from the research phase of an internal project ) shall be recognised .
Expenditure on research ( or on the research phase of an internal project ) shall be recognised as an expense when it is incurred .
In the research phase of an internal project , an entity cannot demonstrate that an intangible asset exists that will generate probable future economic benefits .
Therefore , this expenditure is recognised as an expense when it is incurred .
Also called the Hidden Kingdom .
Commission Regulation ( EC ) No 177 / 2006 of 1 February 2006 establishing the standard import values for determining the entry price of certain fruit and vegetables
She nodded .
" Yes , Your Eminence . "
When applying for civil damages , you must detail the various losses suffered together with their causes and then indicate the total value of the claim .
Can I get legal assistance before and / or during the proceedings ?
Legal aid can be granted at any stage of the proceedings provided the statutory requirements are met and the proper formalities are observed , as described in the factsheet on this topic .
What evidence will I be required to present in support of my claim ?
All suitable means of proving the alleged facts and supporting a decision in the case are accepted , provided they are legally valid , relevant , appropriate as proof and can be obtained .
Specifically , documentary evidence , confession by the parties and expert and witness statements are accepted .
There is no special assistance besides the appointment of a lawyer under the legal aid arrangements .
The lawyer appointed has the specific technical expertise and should carry out the necessary procedural steps in order to ensure enforcement .
2 .
Under Portuguese law , victims of certain crimes can obtain compensation from the State .
Is the possibility limited to victims that have suffered certain types of crime ?
Only victims of crimes involving intentional violence are covered by the compensation scheme .
( b ) Apply the test according the procedure ( Smith et al . , 2001 ) .
10 .
Prepare an inoculum of approximately 106 cells per ml from three day cultures of the isolate to be tested and an appropriate positive control strain of C. m. subsp. sepedonicus .
10.2 . Inoculate 5 to 10 eggplant stems of young seedlings at leaf stage 3 ( section 7.3 or 7.4 ) .
10.3 . Incubate at 18 to 24 ° C with sufficient light and high relative humidity with appropriate watering to avoid waterlogging or drought stress ( section 7.7 ) .
With pure cultures , typical wilting should be obtained within two weeks but plants not showing symptoms ( see section 7.8 ) after this time should be incubated up to three weeks at temperatures conducive to eggplant growth but not exceeding 25 ° C ( Appendix 8 ) .
If after three weeks symptoms are not present , the culture cannot be confirmed as being a pathogenic form of C. m. subsp. sepedonicus .
10.4 . Isolate from symptomatic plants by removing a section of stem 2 cm above the inoculation point .
Comminute and suspend in a small volume of sterile distilled water or 50 mM phosphate buffer ( Appendix 3 ) .
Garion sank wearily to the floor , resting his back against the rocky wall of the cave .
Waves of exhaustion washed over him , and a great lassitude drained him of all consciously directed thought .
Once again the Orb sang to him , but lulling now .
Its curiosity about him apparently was satisfied , and its song seemed to be there only to maintain the contact between them .
Garion was too tired even to be curious about why the stone took such pleasure in his company .
The little boy turned from his curious examination of the horses and went to where Taiba sat with one of Aunt Pol 's arms about her shoulders .
" What does he want ? " Taiba asked .
" He 's probably never seen tears before , " Aunt Pol replied .
Taiba stared at the child 's serious little face , then suddenly laughed through her tears and gave him a quick embrace .
The little boy smiled then .
" Errand ? " he asked , offering her the Orb .
" Don 't take it , Taiba , " Polgara told her very quietly .
" Don 't even touch it . "
Taiba looked at the smiling child and shook her head .
The little boy sighed , then came across the cave , sat down beside Garion , and nestled against him .
Did you get batteries ?
Right here .
Yes !
Karolinum , Praha , Česká republika
Remarks
Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities , and in particular Article 10 of Annex VII thereto .
This appropriation is intended to cover the daily allowances payable to officials and temporary staff who provide proof that they have had to change their residence after taking up their duties .
1 1 9Appropriation to cover any adjustments to the remuneration of officials and other staff
1 1 9 0Salary weightings
Remarks
Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities , and in particular Article 17 ( 2 ) of Annex VII and Article 17 of Annex XIII thereto .
This appropriation is intended to cover the weightings applicable to the remuneration of officials , temporary staff and auxiliary staff and to overtime payments to officials .
1 1 9 1Provisional appropriation
Remarks
Staff Regulations of officials of the European Communities , and in particular Article 65 thereof .
This appropriation is intended to cover the effect of any adjustments in remuneration which may be made by the Council in the course of the financial year .
This appropriation is purely provisional and may only be used after its transfer to other headings in accordance with the Financial Regulation .
CHAPTER 1 2 — VARIOUS ALLOWANCES AND CONTRIBUTIONS RELATING TO TERMINATION OF SERVICE
VARIOUS ALLOWANCES AND CONTRIBUTIONS RELATING TO TERMINATION OF SERVICE
These will be designed to promote their broader utilisation within the participating countries and facilitate their market uptake
To the appropriations entered in this article must be added the contributions from the EFTA States pursuant to the Agreement on the European Economic Area , and in particular Article 82 thereof and Protocol 32 thereto .
By way of information , these amounts derive from contributions from the EFTA States entered against Article 6 3 0 of the statement of revenue , which constitute assigned revenue in accordance with Article 18 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the Financial Regulation ; they give rise to the provision of corresponding appropriations and to implementation according to Annex V to this part of the statement of expenditure of this section , which forms an integral part of the general budget .
Any revenue from the contribution from candidate countries for participation in Community programmes , entered in Item 6 0 3 1 of the statement of revenue , may give rise to the provision of additional appropriations in accordance with Article 18 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the Financial Regulation .
Any revenue from contributions from third parties entered in Item 6 0 3 3 of the statement of revenue will give rise to the provision of additional appropriations to be entered in this Item , in accordance with the Financial Regulation .
Legal basis
Decision No 1639 / 2006 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 2006 establishing a Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme ( 2007 to 2013 ) ( OJ L 310 , 9.11.2006 , p . 15 ) .
06 04 07Pilot project on energy security — Bio fuels
Remarks
New article
This appropriation is intended to finance actions or measures in the field of energy security to promote the EU 's self-sufficiency in renewable energy sources , in particular biofuels .
Legal basis
Pilot project within the meaning of Article 49 ( 6 ) of the Financial Regulation .
CHAPTER 06 05 — NUCLEAR ENERGY
NUCLEAR ENERGY
ActionTec ActionLink Home Network Adapter
AMD PCnet-Home Adapter Driver
Write Invalidate Enable
Autodetect ( Default )
10 Mbps UTP / Half-Duplex
" No , it isn 't , " the young priest agreed .
Of course not .
Could you dim the lights ?
Sure .
Gusto !
'Tis the season to be jolly Right , Murray ?
Sheila , will you quit messing with the TV ?
You have the thingy .
Goddamn foreign TV .
We should 've got a Zenith !
Foreigners .
Where are you going ?
I 'm gonna check the antenna .
What the hell is that ?
It 's them !
You 're crazy !
Expenditure not covered by Article 1 and relating to Community transactions arising from the implementation of the Food Aid Convention shall be financed by the Community and , pursuant to the Decisions taken by the Community institutions , shall include : ( a ) the value of the goods delivered fob , less the expenditure covered by Article 1 ;
( b ) in certain cases , as an exception , the expenditure covering all or part of the forwarding costs from the Community port to the port of destination , if the Community , following a unanimous Decision of the Council , gives an undertaking to that effect at the time of concluding the delivery contract .
2 .
However : ( a ) as regards the food aid measure in favour of the Republic of Rwanda under the 1970 / 71 Annual Programme , the forwarding costs 1 OJ No L 91 , 28.4.1970 , p . 19 . 2 OJ No L 263 , 21.10.1969 , p . 6 .
If appropriate , the Commission shall either , on the basis of the supporting documents submitted to it , refund such costs to the organization which has carried out the transaction , or pay a lump-sum contribution ;
( b ) as regards the measures by way of the World Food Programme to be taken under the 1970 / 71 Annual Programme , forwarding costs from the cif stage and distribution costs shall also the financed by the Community .
Such costs and the forwarding costs between the fob and cif stages shall be covered by a lump sum contribution to be paid by the Commission .
4 .
Ti se tak už od poloviny letošního roku budou moci seznámit i s tím , co Pavel Tigrid četl .
Jeho osobní archiválie jsou však podle prof . Jařaba umístěny v archivu v Praze :
Pavel Tigrid patřil k nejvýznamnějším osobnostem československého a českého exilu v celé 2. polovině 20. století .
Z poválečného Československa emigroval znovu po únoru 1948 a v exilu v Německu , Spojených státech a ve Francii pak prožil další čtyři desetiletí .
Acrolein
" I am hungry . "
That 's the Baron , that fuzzy gray shape there , Leto thought .
The shape danced back and forth , swaying with the movement of the room .
And the room expanded and contracted .
It grew brighter and darker .
It folded into blackness and faded .
Not one lucky toss all night .
Chalk it up .
How much ?
Chunsheng .
I 've run up a pile of debts lately .
But my calligraphy 's improving .
Long 'er , you neglect your troupe .
But not my money .
They sound like a pack of mules .
They 're too tired .
Been at it all night .
Why don 't you have a go ?
Show them what it takes .
Business is good , Mr. Xie .
Come often .
or a glass bottle ,
if you 're traveling and you 've forgotten to bring your stainless-steel bottle
and fill that up with water , or filtered water ,
I guess what I want to say to everybody here --
and I know that you guys know a lot about this issue --
is that this is a huge problem in the oceans ,
but this is a problem that we 've created as consumers
and we can solve .
and teaching people to choose alternatives .
So whenever possible , to choose alternatives
into our oceans ,
save our oceans , save our planet , save ourselves .
Thank you .
This is the captain .
Commence beaming up-- maximum speed .
Set course for Colony Beta 6 .
Linking , sir .
Full-power acceleration from orbit , Mr. Scott .
Full power , sir .
Standing by to warp , sir .
Shall I make a full report to Spacefleet Command ?
Not yet .
They may trace our beam .
Wait until we 're well out of range .
Can we know his range , Captain ?
Still no sign of pursuit .
Instruments clear , sir .
Good .
[ 4 ] OJ L 196 , 2.8.2003 , p .
The budget is negotiated between the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers on a basis of a proposal by the Commission .
For 2007 , the EU budget runs to about € 126 billion .
This corresponds to only around € 0.70 / day per person .
The money comes from four different sources :
69 % from a uniform rate applied to Gross National Income of each EU country ; 15 % from a share of the harmonised value added tax ( VAT ) ; 15 % from customs duties , agricultural duties and sugar levies ; 1 % from unspent amounts from previous years , contributions of EU staff , etc .
What does the money get spent on ?
| pictures ,
Petrozzi , Francesco
Plachetka , Adam
Whereas : ( 1 ) Articles 11 ( 2 ) of Regulations ( EC ) No 1073 / 1999 and ( Euratom ) No 1074 / 1999 provide that the Supervisory Committee of the European Anti-Fraud Office ( OLAF ) is to be composed of five independent outside persons who possess the qualifications required for appointment in their respective countries to senior posts relating to the Office 's areas of activity .
opinion
Proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation ( EC ) No 1334 / 2000 setting up a Community regime for the control of exports of dual-use items and technology ( COM ( 2008 ) 0854 - C7-0062 / 2010 - 2008 / 0249 ( COD ) )
referred to
responsible
Proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Council Regulation ( EC , Euratom ) No 1605 / 2002 on the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities ( COM ( 2010 ) 0071 - C7-0063 / 2010 - 2010 / 0047 ( COD ) )
referred to
responsible
opinion
Proposal for a Council Regulation ( EU ) No … / … . amending Regulation ( EC ) No 479 / 2009 as regards the quality of statistical data in the context of the excessive deficit procedure ( COM ( 2010 ) 0053 - C7-0064 / 2010 - 2010 / 0035 ( NLE ) )
referred to
responsible
referred to
responsible
Draft Council decision on the application of the provisions of the Schengen acquis relating to the Schengen Information System in the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania ( 06714 / 2010 - C7-0067 / 2010 - 2010 / 0814 ( NLE ) )
referred to
Oh shit , you 're burning up .
It 's Ok .
It 's Ok .
It 's Ok .
It 's Ok .
It 's Ok .
How you doing ?
You alright ?
Good .
There was small girl .
Family hunting ?
Father Father was hurt ?
212 Sertraline , a medicine used to treat depression , as your doctor may need to change your dose of sertraline .
Diltiazem or similar medicines ( called calcium channel blockers ) : when you start taking STOCRIN , your doctor may need to adjust your dose of the calcium channel blocker .
Taking STOCRIN with food and drink Taking STOCRIN on an empty stomach may reduce the undesirable effects .
Pregnancy and breast-feeding Women should not get pregnant during treatment with STOCRIN and for 12 weeks thereafter .
Your doctor may require you to take a pregnancy test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment with STOCRIN .
If you could get pregnant while receiving STOCRIN , you need to use a reliable form of barrier contraception ( for example , a condom ) with other methods of contraception including oral ( pill ) or other hormonal contraceptives ( for example , implants , injection ) .
Efavirenz may remain in your blood for a time after therapy is stopped .
Therefore , you should continue to use contraceptive measures , as above , for 12 weeks after you stop taking STOCRIN .
Tell your doctor immediately if you are pregnant or intend to become pregnant .
If you are pregnant , you should take STOCRIN only if you and your doctor decide it is clearly needed .
Ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine .
Serious birth defects have been seen in unborn animals and in the babies of women treated with efavirenz during pregnancy .
If you have taken STOCRIN during your pregnancy , your doctor may request regular blood tests and other diagnostic tests to monitor the development of your child .
You should not breast feed your baby if you are taking STOCRIN .
Driving and using machines STOCRIN may cause dizziness , impaired concentration , and drowsiness .
Change Doc Options
Rename Index
Reorder Columns
Reorder Attributes
Modify Primary Key
Modify Foreign Key
Modify Index
Add Field
Add Column
Drop Objects
Drop Relationship
Show All Relationships
Drop Table Inheritance
Create Distinct Type
Delete Index
'We 'll certainly give it a thought.'
What I 'd like you to do Donald , Rupert is for each of you to explain where your project stands at the moment .
I don 't expect you to give away any secrets , of course .
Then I 'll ask Jason to make any comments if he wants to .
As C comes before P , you go on first , Donald.'
'Well um the problem with the stern is that it 's so badly smashed up .
Sealing it in ice is the most sensible way of handling it as a single unit .
And , of course , ice floats as Captain Smith apparently forgot in 1912 .
'My friends in Japan have worked out a very efficient method of freezing water , using electric current .
It 's already at almost zero centigrade down there , so very little additional cooling is needed .
'We 've manufactured the neutral-buoyancy cables and the thermoelectric elements , and our underwater robots will start installing them in a few days .
We 're still negotiating for the electricity , and hope to have contracts signed very soon.'
'And when you 've made your deep-sea iceberg , what then ? '